https://www.reddit.com/r/stephenking/comments/k2578h/repeating_themes_in_sk_books/
https://www.reddit.com/r/stephenking/comments/j4gfyi/what_things_do_you_see_all_the_time_in_stephen/
https://www.reddit.com/r/stephenking/comments/dm85cq/two_things_king_repeats_often_in_his_writing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/stephenking/comments/a9s3um/anyone_feel_like_talking_repeated_ideas_themes/



    	{
		name: [
			'',
		],
		story: [
			{
				name: '',
				line: [
					'',
				]
			},
		]
	},



Abbott and Costello Meet the Monsters does not exist
Four Past Midnight: The Library Policeman.
“Sam, what's happened to you?” She also sounded like someone who would have been screaming if shock hadn't whipped the breath out of her. We make quite a pair, Sam thought, Abbott and Costello Meet the Monsters.
The Shining
“It's a secret passage!” Danny said excitedly to his mother, momentarily forgetting all fears in favor of that intoxicating shaft behind the wall. “Just like in Abbott and Costello Meet the Monsters!”


Future Page: Things that might have influence Stephen King's writing.

Children of the Corn - possibly based on Star Trek, episode Miri



Knives, forks, and spoons and the ceiling
The Institute
Knives, forks, and spoons rose to the ceiling
Doctor Sleep
The spoons were hanging from the ceiling, as if drawn upward and held by some exotic magnetic attraction.



List of cities:
Porterville
    The Long Walk - Garray is from
Derry
Castle Rock
Little Tall Island
    Dolores Claiborne
    Home Delivery
Shawshank https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shawshank



Acronym FEAR
Doctor Sleep
FEAR stands for face everything and recover.
-Old AA saying
Bag of Bones
New Age wisdom which says the word "fear" stands for Face Everything And Recover.
fear is actually an acronym for Fuck Everything And Run.
11-22-63
One of Christy's AA slogans came to my mind: FEAR, standing for false evidence appearing real.
The AAs say FEAR stands for something else, as well: Fuck everything and run.



Pictures that want to hang crooked
1408
What Mike had noticed at that point were the pictures on the walls. There were three of them: a lady in twenties-style evening dress standing on a staircase, a sailing ship done in the fashion of Currier & Ives, and a still life of fruit, the latter painted with an unpleasant yellow-orange cast to the apples as well as the oranges and bananas. All three pictures were in glass frames and all three were crooked. He had been about to mention the crookedness on tape, but what was so unusual, so worthy of comment, about three off-kilter pictures? That a door should be crooked . . . well, that had a little of that old Cabinet of Dr. Caligari charm. But the door hadn't been crooked; his eyes had tricked him for a moment, that was all.
The lady on the stairs tilted left. So did the sailing ship, which showed bell-bottomed British tars lining the rail to watch a school of flying fish. The yellowish-orange fruit-to Mike it looked like a bowl of fruit painted by the light of a suffocating equatorial sun, a Paul Bowles desert sun-tilted to the right. Although he was not ordinarily a fussy man, he circled the room, setting them straight. Looking at them crooked like that was making him feel a touch nauseated again. He wasn't entirely surprised, either. One grew susceptible to the feeling; he had discovered that on the QE 2. He had been told that if one persevered through that period of increased susceptibility, one usually adapted . . . "got your sealegs," some of the old hands still said. Mike hadn't done enough sailing to get his sealegs, nor cared to. These days he stuck with his land legs, and if straightening the three pictures in the unremarkable sitting room of 1408 would settle his midsection, good for him.
There was dust on the glass covering the pictures. He trailed his fingers across the still life and left two parallel streaks. The dust had a greasy, slippery feel. Like silk just before it rots was what came into his mind, but he was damned if he was going to put that on tape, either. How was he supposed to know what silk felt like just before it rotted? It was a drunk's thought.
When the pictures were set to rights, he stepped back and surveyed them in turn: the evening-dressed lady by the door leading into the bedroom, the ship plying one of the seven seas to the left of the writing desk, and finally the nasty (and quite badly painted) fruit by the TV cabinet. Part of him expected that they would be crooked again, or fall crooked as he looked at them-that was the way things happened in movies like House on Haunted Hill and in old episodes of The Twilight Zone-but the pictures remained perfectly straight, as he had fixed them. Not, he told himself, that he would have found anything supernatural or paranormal in a return to their former crooked state; in his experience, reversion was the nature of things-people who had given up smoking (he touched the cigarette cocked behind his ear without being aware of it) wanted to go on smoking, and pictures that had been hanging crooked since Nixon was President wanted to go on hanging crooked. And they've been here a long time, no doubt about that, Mike thought. If I lifted them away from the walls, I'd see lighter patches on the wallpaper. Or bugs squirming out, the way they do when you turn over a rock.

The Institute
The room's one picture- an unsettling composition depicting a sailing ship crewed entirely by grinning and possibly homicidal black men- hung crooked. Tim straightened it, but it immediately fell crooked again.


Moving/Walking with extreme smoothness and ease
The Long Walk
    "That's me," Baker said, and got to his feet. He moved with deceptive leisure, and he made Garraty nervous. Baker was going to be tough. Baker was going to last a long time.
Mr. Mercedes
    A tall and stately woman in white who seemed to glide rather than walk.
Finders Keepers
    weaving his way between boxes and stacks of books with the finicky grace some fat men possess.
Dreamcatcher
    Kurtz, moving with a finicky, almost surgical precision

Hands fly up right before death
The Long Walk
    And Barkovitch's hands suddenly went up like startled doves taking flight and Barkovitch ripped out his own throat.
Mr. Mercedes
    but she sees a section of skull the size of a small teacup cave in. His hands fly up, the one that was hidden knocking Frankie's picture to the floor, where the glass shatters.


Machines that kill:
The Tommyknockers
Maximum Overdrive
Christine
From a Buick 8



Feel like throwing up / vomiting, but prevent themselves
The Long Walk
    Garraty watched him struggle to keep from vomiting.
    He didn't want to vomit.
Skeleton Crew: Survivor Type
    Wanted to puke, wouldn't let myself.


Mentions of Round Here
Mr. Mercedes (30)
Finders Keepers (1)
End of Watch (21)
If It Bleeds (1)
Doctor Sleep (6)
But Doctor Sleep is not in the same universe as those with Holly Gibney because
'The Shining' and 'It' share the same universe: Dick Hallorann is an actual person in both.
But 'It' is mentioned as a work of fiction in 'Mr. Mercedes', and 'The Shining' is mentioned as a work of fiction in 'The Outsider'.
So that just means 'Round Here exists as a boy band in both universes.


References to Stephen King books or events within.

The Shine/The Shining
The Shining (power)
The Stand (power)
Doctor Sleep (power)
The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three (Kubrick movie)
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah (novel)
The Outsider (Kubrick movie)


Stuttering Bill from IT is mentioned in The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower


Firestarter was the first King novel to mention "dirty bird" in 1980, followed by Misery in 1987.
Firestarter
He drew a memo form toward him and scratched out a note to that dirty bird Hockstetter, eating the obligatory helping of crow about his ill-advised "it's only money" comment.
Misery (15X)
"You . . . you . . . you dirty bird!"



'Salem's Lot references in IT, The Gunslinger and The Tommyknockers
"The rain," he whispered hoarsely. "The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain. In vain he thrusts his fists against the posts and still insists he sees the ghosts."
Danny Glick hissed at him.
"Mark! Open the window!"
"Betty Bitter bought some butter-"
"The window, Mark, he commands it!"
"-but, says Betty, this butter's bitter."

IT (15X)
    drawing in a great breath, he cried: "HE THRUSTS HIS FISTS AGAINST THE POSTS AND STILL INSISTS HE SEES THE GHOSTS NOW LET ME GO!"
The Gunslinger (5X)
    but be ye mad or only sane,
    the rain in Spain falls on the plain.
The Tommyknockers (3X)
    She began to experiment with tongue-twisters: She sells seashells down by the seashore. Betty Bitter bought some butter. Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.

The Long Walk is mentioned in The Dark Tower
The long walk (which also happens to be the name of a book he once wrote under the Bachman name, back before the world moved on) takes him past the Warrington's intersection, down Route 7 as far as the Slab City Road, then all the way back Route 7 to Berry Hill, bypassing Warrington's Road.

The Long Walk mentioned in Bag of Bones (Ray Garraty)
What I do know is that my real life that week had mostly to do with Andy Drake, John Shackleford, and a shadowy figure standing in the deep background. Raymond Garraty, John Shackleford's childhood friend. A man who sometimes wore a baseball cap.

The Long Walk mentioned in The Wind Through the Keyhole (Peter McVries)
After we'd shaken with him and introduced ourselves, he said: "I don't mean to belittle you, young fellows, but I was hoping to see Steven Deschain himself. And perhaps Peter McVries."
"McVries died three years ago," I said.

The Dead Zone references Randall Flagg
Elevation references Bannerman Road


Misery (mentions the Hotel Overlook from The Shining)
He was going to go up to the old hotel and sketch the ruins. His pictures were going to be with an article they were doing. It was a famous old hotel called the Overlook. It burned down ten years ago. The caretaker burned it down. He was crazy. Everybody in town said so. But never mind; he's dead.
he must have been as crazy as the caretaker that burned down the hotel.
Then I found out that he didn't really have an assignment to draw pictures of the hotel at all. He was just doing them on his own, hoping to sell them. He wasn't even sure the magazine was doing an article on the Overlook.

Paul Sheldon from Misery is mentioned in 3 other books.  Annie Wilkes is also mentioned in The Dark Tower.
Rose Madder (3)
She looked up from the book (Misery's Lover, the title proclaimed in that same red foil, and, below it, Paul Sheldon's Most Torrid Novel!) and forced a smile.
It's good in books like Paul Sheldon's, though.
Rose couldn't think where it might have come from, unless the woman had had it strapped to her thigh, like the heroine in one of those sweet-savage Paul Sheldon novels, stories where there was a reason, no matter how farfetched, for everything that happened.
The Library Policeman (1)
"Naomi is a regular. She borrows a great many romance novels-Jennifer Blake, Rosemary Rogers, Paul Sheldon, people like that."
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower (1)
He thinks of Misery-Annie Wilkes calling Paul Sheldon a cockadoodie brat for trying to get rid of silly, bubbleheaded Misery Chastain.

Stephen King mentions and appearances
The Tommyknockers
Also, she wrote good old western stories that you could really sink your teeth into, not all full of make-believe monsters and a bunch of dirty words, like the ones that fellow who lived up Bangor wrote.
Thinner
You were starting to sound a little like a Stephen King novel for a while there, but it's not like that.
Four Past Midnight: The Library Policeman
I have never heard an Ozzy Osbourne record and have no desire to do so, nor to read a novel by Robert McCammon, Stephen King, or V. C. Andrews.
The Dark Tower 5, 6, 7
Honorable Mention: Carrie: Mr. Edwin King, who had Carrie for grade seven English

Stephen King quote in Later
Books are uniquely portable magic.

Reference to Pennywise from IT in Thinner
It had bobbed up like some evil clown's dirty balloon and he had turned away from it.

References to Pennywise from IT and the aliens in The Tommyknockers and Dreamcatcher in If It Bleeds (novella).
Now I think I can belive in anything from flying saucers to killer clowns.

Inside Edition
Mentioned in If It Bleeds (novella) and Fair Extension

Inside View
Mentioned in If It Bleeds (novella), Bag of Bones, Insomnia, Desperation, The Dead Zone, Doctor Sleep, End of Watch, From A Buick 8, Joyland, Needful Things, Elevation, The Waste Lands, Wolves of the Calla, The Night Flyer, Popsy, Home Delivery, Big Driver.

TR-90
TR-90 is mentioned in Rat, Bag of Bones, Under the Dome, Cell, The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon and Drunken Fireworks.

Rat references Everything's Eventual
Everything was eventual.

If It Bleeds (novella) refers back to Low Men in Yellow Coats with the same line.
Give me what I want and I’ll go away.

Reference to Pennywise from IT in Later (deadlight is found 13 times and Ritual of Chüd is found 10 times)
It was the deadlight thing that was now inhabiting Therriault.
Have you ever heard of the Ritual of Chüd?

Night Shift: One for the Road mentions the Marsten House from 'Salem's Lot.
They figure it started up by the Marsten House on the hill that overlooked Jointner Avenue
The Dead Zone mentions the Marsten family
here was a whole family of MARSTENS;
"Not fair!" she cried into the silence of BOWDENS and MARSTENS and PILLSBURYS,
The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla
We went to the place the vampire had bought, an old wreck called the Marsten House. The thing staying there went by the name of Barlow.
The moment I saw her lying there in the cellar of the Marsten House I understood it was all true.
I began to think I'd drawn another king vampire, another Type One, the way the Marsten House had drawn Barlow.

Thinner references Stephen King Novels:
You were starting to sound a little like a Stephen King novel for a while there
it starts to sound a little like Stephen King again, wouldn't you say?
Under The Dome mentions the movie The Mist: Another was that it was an experiment that had gone wrong and out of control ("Exactly like in that movie The Mist," one blogger wrote).

Search for The Shining (case sensitive) to find mentions of the book and movie.
The Dead Zone and The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah mention the book Carrie.
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower mentions the character Carrie.
The Stand mentions The Shining
My own grandmother used to call it the shining lamp of God, sometimes just the shine.
The Outsider
It's one of Mr. Kubrick's finest. Much better than The Shining and Barry Lyndon

IT features the car from Christine
He reached the intersection of the seminary path and the sidewalk and peered at the car, trying to make sense out of the hulk behind the wheel. But it was the car he recognized first-it was the one his father always swore he would own someday, a 1958 Plymouth Fury. It was red and white and Henry knew (hadn't his father told him often enough?) that the engine rumbling under the hood was a V-8 327. Available horsepower of 255, able to hit seventy from the git-go in just about nine seconds, gobbling hi-test through its four-barrel carb. I'm gonna get that car and then when I die they can bury me in it, Butch had been fond of saying . . . except, of course, he had never gotten the car and the state had buried him after Henry had been taken away, raving and screaming of monsters, to the funny farm.
Mr. Mercedes mentions the car from Christine
as if the cops expected the big gray sedan to start up by itself, like that old Plymouth in the horror movie, and make a run for it.

The Sun Dog features car from Christine
and cars that came to life and ran down people they didn't like.

11-22-63 featurs the car from Christine
The newest car in the lot was a Plymouth Fury from—I think—the mid-or late fifties. The plate on it looked like an impossibly antique version of the one on the back of my Subaru; that plate came, at my ex-wife's request, with a pink breast cancer ribbon. The one I was looking at now did say VACATIONLAND, but it was orange instead of white. As in most states, Maine plates now come with letters—the one on my Subaru is 23383 IY—but the one on the back of the almost-new white-over-red Fury was 90-811. No letters.
I threaded my way through the mill parking lot, once again tapping the trunk of the white-over-red Plymouth Fury for good luck.
I once more rapped on the trunk of the white-over-red Plymouth Fury as I went by.
The car was a white-over-red Plymouth Fury,
And a two-tone Plymouth Fury.
I doubt if she noticed the white-over-red Plymouth Fury parked at the curb a little way down the block.


Reference to The Shining Overlook Hotel in The Shining
We had two of the generators going yesterday, and as you know, one of them overloaded and blew its cookies. So to speak. What I mean is that it overlooked. Overloaded, rather. Well ... you know what I mean.

Secret Windows, Secret Garden (1990) references 1922 (2010) in this paragraph
Mort sat down and worked his way slowly through the two stories, reading back and forth. By the time he was halfway through, he understood he really didn't need to go any further. They varied in diction in some places; in many others even that was the same, word for word. Diction aside, they were exactly the same. In both of them, a man killed his wife. In both of them, the wife was a cold, loveless bitch who cared only for her garden and her canning. In both of them, the killer buried his spousal victim in her garden and then tended it, growing a really spectacular crop. In Morton Rainey's version, the crop was beans. In Shooter's, it was corn. In both versions, the killer eventually went crazy and was discovered by the police eating vast amounts of the vegetable in question and swearing he would be rid of her, that in the end he would finally be rid of her.

Hallorann is mentioned 5 times in IT
It was this young fellow, a Pfc. named Dick Hallorann who was a mess-cook, who suggested that maybe we could fix it up pretty nice if we really tried.
Hallorann got us going, though . . . Hallorann and Carl and me.
I was sitting about halfway down the east wall with Trev Dawson and Dick Hallorann when it happened
Then Dick Hallorann catches hold of him.
I'd lost all track of Dick Hallorann by then and didn't even see him until the next day.


References to IT and Pennywise in Dreamcatcher:
The pedestal was drifted to most of its height in snow, but the top of the plaque screwed to the front was visible. Mr. Gray fell to Jonesy's knees, scraped snow away, and read this:
TO THOSE LOST IN THE STORM
MAY 31, 1985
AND TO THE CHILDREN
ALL THE CHILDREN
LOVE FROM BILL, BEN, BEV, EDDIE, RICHIE,
STAN, MIKE
THE LOSERS' CLUB
Spray-painted across it in jagged red letters, also perfectly visible in the truck's headlights, was this further message:
PENNYWISE LIVES
Storm? Children? Losers? Who or what was Pennywise? Most of all, where was the Standpipe, which Jonesy's memories had insisted was here?

Reference to IT in If It Bleeds (novella)
Now I think I could believe in anything from flying saucers to killer clowns.

IT references The Dark Tower
In this universe there might grow roses which sing. Everything leads to everything, he would have told them if he could.

Pet Sematary references the movie The Shining
"You sure?" Steve asked. "All work and no play make Jack a dull boy, you know."

Desperation references The Tommyknockers
Another is that they made the tommyknockers mad.
What're tommyknockers?
No tommyknockers, no earth-spirits.
What's amazing is how long the tommyknockers protected them from their own idiocy!

The Tommyknockers references the movie, The Shining
So what was he supposed to do? Grab Bobbi's ax and make like Jack Nicholson in The Shining? He could see it. Smash, crash, bash: Heeeeeere's GARDENER!

The Tommykockers references the Arrowhead Project from The Mist
Seabrook had had its vogue, and the Arrowhead installation in Maine

The Tommyknockers referencing Ludlow from The Dark Half, Insomnia and Pet Sematary
The tribe had originally covered much of what was now Penobscot County, with large groups centered in Oldtown, Skowhegan, and the Great Woods, which began in Ludlow

Insomnia
A sudden rush of force blew past him in a fan of wind and fading green light. He caught a strange, skewed glimpse of the Crimson King, no longer handsome and no longer young but ancient and twisted and less human than the strangest creature to ever flop or hop its way along the Short-Time level of existence. Then something above them opened, revealing darkness shot through with conflicting swirls and rays of color. The wind seemed to blow the Crimson King up toward it, like a leaf in a chimney-flue. The colors began to brighten, and Ralph turned his face away, raising one hand to shield his eyes. He understood that a conduit had opened between the level where he was and the unimaginable levels stacked above it; he also understood that if he looked for long into that brightening glow, those
(deadlights)
swirling colors, then death would be not the worst thing that could happen to him but the best. He did not just squeeze his eyes shut; he squeezed his mind shut.



Mr. Mercedes references the movie IT:
"Creepy as hell. You ever see that TV movie about the clown in the sewer?"
Hodges shook his head. Later-only weeks before his retirement-he bought a DVD copy of the film, and Pete was right. The mask-face was very close to the face of Pennywise, the clown in the movie.

Firestarter references Patrick Hockstetter from IT:
Eleven doctors and psychologists had put the combination report and prospectus together under the overall direction of Dr. Patrick Hockstetter, a clinical psychologist and psychotherapist.

11-22-63 references IT:
Bevvie-from-the-levee had said she thought the bad times in Derry were over, but the more of it I saw (and the more I felt-that especially), the more I came to believe that Derry wasn't like other places. Derry wasn't right. At first I tried to tell myself that it was me, not the town. I was a man out of joint, a temporal bedouin, and any place would have felt a little strange to me, a little skewed-like the cities that seem so much like bad dreams in those strange Paul Bowles novels. This was persuasive at first, but as the days passed and I continued to explore my new environment, it became less so. I even began to question Beverly Marsh's assertion that the bad times were over, and imagined (on nights when I couldn't sleep, and there were quite a few of those) that she questioned it herself. Hadn't I glimpsed a seed of doubt in her eyes? The look of someone who doesn't quite believe but wants to? Maybe even needs to?
Something wrong, something bad.
Certain empty houses that seemed to stare like the faces of people suffering from terrible mental illness. An empty barn on the outskirts of town, the hayloft door swinging slowly open and closed on rusty hinges, first disclosing darkness, then hiding it, then disclosing it again. A splintered fence on Kossuth Street, just a block away from the house where Mrs. Dunning and her children lived. To me that fence looked as if something-or someone-had been hurled through it and into the Barrens below. An empty playground with the roundy-round slowly spinning even though there were no kids to push it and no appreciable wind to turn it. It screamed on its hidden bearings as it moved. One day I saw a roughly carved Jesus go floating down the canal and into the tunnel that ran beneath Canal Street. It was three feet long. The teeth peeped from lips parted in a snarling grin. A crown of thorns, jauntily askew, circled the forehead; bloody tears had been painted below the thing's weird white eyes. It looked like a juju fetish. On the so-called Kissing Bridge in Bassey Park, amid the declarations of school spirit and undying love, someone had carved the words I WILL KILL MY MOTHER SOON, and below it someone had added: NOT SOON ENOUGH SHES FULL OF DISEEZE. One afternoon while walking on the east side of the Barrens, I heard a terrible squealing and looked up to see the silhouette of a thin man standing on the GS & WM railroad trestle not far away. A stick rose and fell in his hand. He was beating something. The squealing stopped and I thought, It was a dog and he's finished with it. He took it out there on a rope leash and beat it until it was dead. There was no way I could have known such a thing, of course . . . and yet I did. I was sure then, and I am now.
Something wrong.
Something bad.
Do any of those things bear on the story I'm telling? The story of the janitor's father, and of Lee Harvey Oswald (he of the smirky little I-know-a-secret smile and gray eyes that would never quite meet yours)? I don't know for sure, but I can tell you one more thing: there was something inside that fallen chimney at the Kitchener Ironworks. I don't know what and I don't want to know, but at the mouth of the thing I saw a heap of gnawed bones and a tiny chewed collar with a bell on it. A collar that had surely belonged to some child's beloved kitten. And from inside the pipe-deep in that oversized bore-something moved and shuffled.
Come in and see, that something seemed to whisper in my head. Never mind all the rest of it, Jake-come in and see. Come in and visit. Time doesn't matter in here; in here, time just floats away. You know you want to, you know you're curious. Maybe it's even another rabbit-hole. Another portal.
Maybe it was, but I don't think so. I think it was Derry in there-everything that was wrong with it, everything that was askew, hiding in that pipe. Hibernating. Letting people believe the bad times were over, waiting for them to relax and forget there had ever been bad times at all.
I left in a hurry, and to that part of Derry I never went back.

They winced as if I had pinched a place where the nerves lay close to the surface. Beverly turned to Richie and whispered in his ear. I'm not positive about what she said, it was quick and low, but it might have been That wasn't the clown. Then she looked back at me.

He lowered his voice further. Soon he'd be whispering. "We had a bad summer here, my friend. Local folks keep it as quiet as they can-even the newspaper doesn't play it up-but there was some nasty work. Murders. Half a dozen at least. Kids. Found one down in the Barrens just recently. Patrick Hockstetter, his name was. All decayed."
"The Barrens?"
"It's this swampy patch that runs right through the center of town. You probably saw it when you flew in."
I'd been in a car, but I still knew what he was talking about.
The bartender's eyes widened. "That's not the real estate you're interested in, is it?"
"Can't say," I told him. "If word got around, I'd be looking for a new job."
"Understood, understood." He drank half his Coke, then stifled a belch with the back of his hand. "But I hope it is. They ought to pave that goddam thing over. It's nothing but stinkwater and mosquitoes. You'd be doing this town a favor. Sweeten it up a little bit."
"Other kids found down there?" I asked. A serial child-murderer would explain a lot about the gloom I'd been feeling ever since I crossed the town line.
"Not that I know of, but people say that's where some of the disappeared ones went, because that's where all the big sewage pumping stations are. I've heard people say there are so many sewer pipes under Derry-most of em laid in the Great Depression-that nobody knows where all of em are. And you know how kids are."
"Adventurous."
He nodded emphatically. "Right with Eversharp. There's people who say it was some vag who's since moved on. Other folks say he was a local who dressed up like a clown to keep from being recognized. The first of the victims-this was last year, before I came-they found him at the intersection of Witcham and Jackson with his arm ripped clean off. Denbrough was his name, George Denbrough. Poor little tyke." He gave me a meaningful look. "And he was found right next to one of those sewer drains. The ones that dump into the Barrens."
"Christ."
"Yeah."
"I hear you using the past tense about all this stuff."
I got ready to explain what I meant, but apparently this guy had been listening in English class as well as bartending school. "It seems to've stopped, knock on wood." He rapped his knuckles on the bar. "Maybe whoever was doing it packed up and moved on. Or maybe the sonofabitch killed himself, sometimes they do that. That'd be good. But it wasn't any homicidal maniac in a clown suit who killed the little Corcoran boy. The clown who did that murder was the kid's own father, if you can believe it."
That was close enough to why I was here to feel like fate rather than coincidence. I took a careful sip of my beer. "Is that so?"
"You bet it is. Dorsey Corcoran, that was the kid's name. Only four years old, and you know what his goddam father did? Beat him to death with a recoilless hammer."


A Good Marriage references IT: Of course I set it in Derry, home of the late and unlamented clown Pennywise, because Derry is just Bangor masquerading under a different name.
Elevation: mentions Pennywise (IT), Bannerman (Cujo, The Dead Zone, Needful Things and others), and Suicide Stairs (Gwendy's Button Box)
a local garage band, Big Top, renamed themselves Pennywise and the Clowns.
Then along Route 119, which became Bannerman Road once it crossed the municipal town line.
He passed the sign reading CASTLE ROCK MUNICIPAL TOWN LIMITS, where Route 119 became Bannerman Road, named after the town's longest serving sheriff, an unlucky fellow who had come to a bad end on one of the town's back roads.
there had been more before the collapse of the Suicide Stairs a few years earlier
The Tommyknockers references IT (Pennywise):
Sometimes he would lie in the dark and think he heard chuckling noises coming from the drains and he would think: You're going nuts, old-timer. Except he wasn't. Sometimes he wished he were.
Tommy had begun to hallucinate; as he drove up Wentworth Street, he thought he saw a clown grinning up at him from an open sewer manhole-a clown with shiny silver dollars for eyes and a clenched white glove filled with balloons.

Bill Denbrough from IT in Bag of Bones
Johanna was deep in her ratty old easy chair, reading a book (not Maugham that night but William Denbrough, one of her contemporary favorites).
Even one of William Denbrough's famous Creatures from Beyond the Universe, now hiding under the porch and watching me approach with glittering, pus-rimmed eyes.

The Shine nod in Duma Key
And I thought that if I wasn't able to take some of the pressure off his boiler,

Needful Things references The Body - Ace Merrill is mentioned 59 times!
The boys Ace Merrill had once terrorized-boys like Teddy Duchamp, Chris Chambers, and Vern Tessio-would have recognized him at once in spite of his graying hair.

Cell references The Dark Tower. Charlie the Choo-Choo can be found in books 3-7
They came onto the midway between the Krazy Kups and a half-constructed kiddie ride called Charlie the Choo-Choo.



Early reference to concept of 11-22-63 in The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla
“Whatever it is, I felt it calling me back to the cave . . . and further. Whispering that I should resume my wanderings, and make them endless. I knew I could open the door by opening the box. The door would take me anywhere I wanted to go. And any when! All I had to do was concentrate.” Callahan considered, then sat down again. He leaned forward, looking at them in turn over the gnarled carving of his clasped hands. “Hear me, I beg. We had a President, Kennedy was his name. He was assassinated some thirteen years before my time in 'Salem's Lot . . . assassinated in the West—”
“Yes,” Susannah said. “Jack Kennedy. God love him.” She turned to Roland. “He was a gunslinger.”
Roland's eyebrows rose. “Do you say so?”
“Aye. And I say true.”
“In any case,” Callahan said, “there's always been a question as to whether the man who killed him acted alone, or whether he was part of a larger conspiracy. And sometimes I'd wake in the middle of the night and think, ‘Why don't you go and see? Why don't you stand in front of that door with the box in your arms and think, “Dallas, November 22nd, 1963”? Because if you do that the door will open and you can go there, just like the man in Mr. Wells's story of the time machine. And perhaps you could change what happened that day. If there was ever a watershed moment in American life, that was it. Change that, change everything that came after. Vietnam . . . the race riots . . . everything.'”


Carrie References:
The Dead Zone
He set it on fire by his mind, just like in that book Carrie.
Song of Sussanah
I've picked up two copies of Lot and also three copies of his first novel, Carrie.
Not long after that I started a book called Carrie.
The Dark Tower
What do you know about what it's like to spend your whole life on the outside, to be the butt of the joke every time, to always be Carrie at the fuckin prom?




-------------------------------------
Mainstream Universe:
Carrie (book), Jerusalem's Lot, 'Salem's Lot, One for the Road, Roadwork (Callahan is in it), The Shining, Doctor Sleep, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, Apt Pupil, The Body, Breathing Method, The Talisman, Black House, IT, Insomnia, Bag of Bones, The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon, Needful Things, Uncle Otto's Truck, Mrs. Todds Shortcut, Misery, Dreamcatcher (maybe another level of Tower) ,Tommyknockers (same as Dreamcatcher), The Dark Half, The Sun Dog, Hearts in Atlantis, 11/22/63, Gwendy's Button Box, Gwendy's Magic Feather, Dolores Claiborne, Gerald's Game, The Dead Zone, Cujo, Pet Sematary, The Man in Black Suit, It grows on you, NOS4A2 (Charlie Manx is mentioned in Doctor Sleep I belive), Heart-Shaped Box, Horns, Pearl (Tabitha Kings book in which is Dick Halloran), Firestarter, Home Delivery, Storm of the Century, Lisey's Story, Thinner
Rose Madder, Desperation/The Regulators
Bill Hodges' and Holly Gibney:
Mr. Mercedes, Finders Keepers, End of Watch, The Outsider, If It Bleeds

The Territories :
The Talisman, Black House
Captain Trips:
Night Surf, The Stand

All World:
Rose Madder, The Eyes of the Dragon, The Dark Tower Series
-------------------------------------


Number of Shawshank references per book:
- Different Seasons: Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption (48)
- It (7)
- Needful Things (7)
- Under the Dome (6)
- 11-22-63 (3)
- Blaze (2)
- Dolores Claiborne (2)
- Bag of Bones (2)
- Full Dark, No Stars: A Good Marriage (2)
- Different Seasons: The Body (2)
- Four Past Midnight: The Sun Dog (1)
- Dreamcatcher (1)
- Finders Keepers (1)
- If It Bleeds: Mr. Harrigan's Phone (1)


The movie The Shawshank Redemption is mentioned in Finders Keepers
Also, I have my three favorite movie soundtracks on CD: Road to Perdition, The Shawshank Redemption, and Godfather II.

The Shining mentions
The Outsider (movie)
I've seen Paths of Glory at least a dozen times. It's one of Mr. Kubrick's finest. Much better than The Shining and Barry Lyndon, in my opinion, but of course he was much younger when he made it.
The Tommyknockers (movie)
So what was he supposed to do? Grab Bobbi's ax and make like Jack Nicholson in The Shining? He could see it. Smash, crash, bash: Heeeeeere's GARDENER!
Novels\Dark Tower\The Dark Tower II The Drawing of the Three (movie)
Eddie had seen thousands, and what he was looking at was like one of those moving point-of-view shots they did in ones like Halloween and The Shining.
He was staring into the doorway, hypnotized, as an aisle of Macy's rushed forward—he was reminded again of The Shining, where you saw what the little boy was seeing as he rode his trike through the hallways of that haunted hotel. He remembered the little boy had seen this creepy pair of dead twins in one of those hallways.
Novels\Dark Tower\The Dark Tower VI Song of Susannah (novels The Stand, The Shining, and 'Salem's Lot)
King was fifty-two, he says, the author of many novels, most notably The Stand, The Shining, and 'Salem's Lot. Ah Discordia, Brinkley says, the world grows darker.
What had his name been, Jack? No, that was the haunted Dad in The Shining.
King, author of such popular novels as It, 'Salem's Lot, The Shining, and The Stand, was taken to Northern Cumberland Memorial Hospital in Bridgton, where he was pronounced dead at 6:02 PM Saturday evening.


Room 217 from The Shining
Doctor Sleep (6 times)
  The woman from Room 217 was there
End of Watch (26 times)
  Hodges visited Room 217 in the Brain Injury Clinic,
Finders Keepers (2 times)
  Hodges ambles down the hall toward Room 217,
The Shining (11 times)
  He had been drawn to Room 217 by a morbid kind of curiosity.
Different Seasons: Apt Pupil (1 time)
  here he was in room 217 of the Holiday Inn

References to The Shining
The Institute: They were holding hands and clutching dolls as identical as they were. They reminded Luke of twins in some old horror movie.

Reference to Christine in The Stand
Stu could see one more car ahead, one last chance. Stu's heart sank. It was a very old Plymouth, a 1970 at best. For a wonder it was standing on four inflated tires, but it was rust-eaten and battered. Nobody had ever bothered with much in the way of maintenance on this heap; Stu knew its sort well enough from Arnette. The battery would be old and probably cracked, the oil would be blacker than midnight in a mineshaft, but there would be a pink fuzz runner around the steering wheel and maybe a stuffed poodle with rhinestone eyes and a noddy head on the back shelf.
The old Plymouth was almost surely a loser.
Tom put an arm around Stu's waist and the two of them staggered across to where the old Plymouth stood in the breakdown lane.
“Hood release,” Stu muttered, fumbling in the Plymouth's grille. Sweat rolled down his face. Shudders wracked him. He found the hood release but couldn't pull it up. He guided Tom's hands to it and at last the hood swung up.
The engine was about what Stu had expected—a dirty and indifferently maintained V8. But the battery wasn't as bad as he had feared it would be. It was a Sears, not the top of the line, but the guarantee-punch was February of 1991. Struggling against the feverish rush of his thoughts, Stu counted backward and guessed that the battery had been new last May.
“Go try the horn,” he told Tom, and propped himself against the car while Tom leaned in to do it. He had heard of drowning men grasping at straws, and he guessed that now he understood. His last chance of surviving this was a rattletrap junkyard refugee.
The horn gave a loud honk. Okay then. If there was a key, take the shot. Probably he should have had Tom check that first, but on second thought, it didn't much matter. If there was no key, they were most likely all through no matter what.
He got the hood down and latched by leaning all of his weight on it. Then he hopped around to the driver's door and stared in, fully expecting to see an empty ignition slot. But the keys were there, dangling from an imitation leather case with the initials A.C. on it. Bending in carefully, he turned the key over to accessory. Slowly, the gas gauge needle swung over to a little more than a quarter of a tank. Here was a mystery. Why had the car's owner, why had A.C. pulled over to walk when he could have driven?
In his light-headed state, Stu thought of Charles Campion, almost dead, driving into Hap's pumps. Old A.C. had the superflu, had it bad. Final stages. He pulls over, shuts off his car's engine—not because he's thinking about it, but because it's a long-ingrained habit—and gets out. He's delirious, maybe hallucinating. He stumbles out into the Utah badlands, laughing and singing and muttering and cackling, and dies there. Four months later Stu Redman and Tom Cullen happen along, and the keys are in the car, and the battery's relatively fresh, and there's gas—
And maybe God had left this battered '70 Plymouth here for them, like manna in the desert.
The car was littered with McDonald's boxes and Taco Bell wrappers; the interior smelled like an old corn chip.

Reference to Pet Sematary in Insomnia
The sneaker of a little boy named Gage Creed, run down by a speeding tanker-truck on Route 15 in Ludlow.

Reference to Susannah in The Drawing of the Three in Insomnia
Here was the cameo brooch of a woman who had been struck by a falling brick while walking down Main Street to buy the new issue of Vogue; if she had left her home thirty seconds earlier or later, she would have been fine.

The Institute references 'Salem's Lot
There's a town in Maine, Jerusalem's Lot,

The Dark half mentioned in Bag of Bones
Ironically, one of the books that kept me from going higher was Steel Machine, by Thad Beaumont (writing as George Stark). The Beaumonts had a summer place in Castle Rock back in those days, not even fifty miles south of our place on Dark Score Lake. Thad's dead now. Suicide. I don't know if it had anything to do with writer's block or not.

The Dark Half mentioned in Needful Things
The business with Thad Beaumont, for instance-you really couldn't get that off your mind. What happened at their house by the lake, and how, after it was all over, he used to get drunk and call you. And then his wife took the twins and left him
And maybe a man named Thad Beaumont was an unindicted co-conspirator in the deaths of his wife and son, but Alan could not find blame in his heart for Thad, either.
they knew that the lakeside home of Thad Beaumont, novelist and local Famous Person, had burned to the ground during the summer of 1989, but they did not know the circumstances of that burning, or that Beaumont had been haunted by a man who was really not a man at all, but a creature for which there may be no name.
The irrational horror of the business with Thad Beaumont, the business with the
There was this thing that happened with Thad Beaumont, the writer . . . this crazy thing-

Needful Things references (1) The Dead Zone (2) Cujo (3) The Dark Half
In Castle Rock they knew about (1) Frank Dodd, the cop who went crazy and killed the women back in Sheriff Bannerman's day, (2) and they knew about Cujo, the Saint Bernard who had gone rabid out on Town Road #3, (3) and they knew that the lakeside home of Thad Beaumont, novelist and local Famous Person, had burned to the ground during the summer of 1989, but they did not know the circumstances of that burning, or that Beaumont had been haunted by a man who was really not a man at all, but a creature for which there may be no name.

References to Cujo:
Different Seasons: The Body: Chopper was-at least until Joe Camber's dog Cujo went rabid twenty years later-the most feared and least seen dog in Castle Rock.
Four Past Midnight: The Sun Dog: Pop suddenly found himself remembering Joe Camber's Saint Bernard, Cujo-the one who had killed Joe and that old tosspot Gary Pervier and Big George Bannerman. The dog had gone rabid. It had trapped a woman and a young boy in their car up there at Camber's place and after two or three days the kid had died. And now Pop found himself wondering if this was what they had been looking at during those long days and nights trapped in the steaming oven of their car; this or something like this, the muddy red eyes, the long sharp teeth-
Skeleton Crew: Gramma: Buddy was already outside, because Buddy had wanted the good sled, that was why; they were going sliding on Joe Camber's hill and the other sled had a buckled runner.
Skeleton Crew: Mrs. Todd's Shortcut: But folks are still not done talking about Joe Camber, who got killed by his own dog.
Pet Sematary: Lot of rabies in Maine now. There was a big old St. Bernard went rabid downstate a couple of years ago and killed four people. That was a hell of a thing. Dog hadn't had his shots. If those foolish people had seen that dog had had its shots, it never would have happened.
Needful Things: they haven't forgotten the dog, either, the one that came down with rabies and killed Joe Camber and the old rummy down the road from him. The dog killed good old Sheriff George Bannerman, too.
Needful Things: In Castle Rock they knew about Frank Dodd, the cop who went crazy and killed the women back in Sheriff Bannerman's day, and they knew about Cujo, the Saint Bernard who had gone rabid out on Town Road #3, and they knew that the lakeside home of Thad Beaumont, novelist and local Famous Person, had burned to the ground during the summer of 1989, but they did not know the circumstances of that burning, or that Beaumont had been haunted by a man who was really not a man at all, but a creature for which there may be no name.
Joe Camber had died in a tragedy that had taken three other lives.
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower
I seen all your movies. My favorite was the one about the Saint Bernard. What was that dog's name?"
"Cujo," King said. This was a word Roland knew, one Susan Delgado had sometimes used when they were alone together. In Mejis, cujo meant "sweet one."
"Yeah! That was great! Scary as hell! I'm glad that little boy lived!"
"In the book he died." Then King closed his eyes and lay back, waiting.


The Dark Tower reference in Doctor Sleep: There are other worlds than these.

Joyland reference in Revival.  Joyland Avenue is mentioned 19 times in Joyland.
During my time on the midway—which was called Joyland Avenue—there was a Rogues’ Gallery next to Mysterio’s Mirror Mansion.


End of Watch references Sharp Cereal which is mentioned in Cujo 37 times.
The first four were sponsored by Sharp Cereals, which gave out free samples at their concerts.

Reference to The Shop in The Langoliers from Firestarter
Let us say that some shadowy government organization like The Shop has decided to carry out an experiment, and we are the test subjects.
What I cannot believe is that even The Shop could have persuaded everyone over our flight-path to turn off their lights in order to reinforce the illusion that we are all alone.


he thrusts his fists against the posts and still insists he sees the ghosts
'Salem's Lot (1 time)
IT (17 times)


Everything's Eventual referenced in RAT from If It Bleeds.
Everything was eventual.


Storm of the Century connections
1. The name of the detective The Outsider, Ralph Anderson, is the name of the child taken by Andre Linoge as a protege at the end of the series.
2. Roanoke Island is mentioned in The Outsider and is the name of an episode. Roanoke is mentioned several times in SotC and is seen on a piece of wood at the end.
3. The actress Julianne Nicholson plays Mrs Maitland in The Outsider and is also in SotC.

The Stand referencing Dolan's Cadillac (?): He's apt to repay service with pain while those who do evil ride over the roads in Cadillac cars.

IT References The Dead Zone: When that crazy cop killed all those women in Castle Rock

The Outsider - Jason Bateman stars as Terry Maitland in HBOs The Outsider.  Jason Bateman also starred in Ozark as Marty Byrde on Netflix.
He [Terry Maitland] watches Ozark on Netflix

Apt Pupil - Andy Dufresne from Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption is mentioned twice.
All this banker's choices. Dufresne, his name was-I remember, because it sounds a little like mine.
I lived adequately on the stock portfolio this Dufresne had set up for me for the first five years I was here.
The banker who bought them for me went to jail for murdering his wife a year after I bought them . . . life is sometimes strange, boy, hein?

The Dead Zone mentioned in The Tommyknockers
In the course of a conversation with the bartender, he heard the story of a fellow named John Smith, who had taught in the nearby town of Cleaves Mills for a while. Smith had been in a coma for years, had awakened with some sort of psychic gift. He went nuts a few years ago-had tried to assassinate a fellow named Stillson, who was a U.S. representative from New Hampshire.
David Bright, a reporter from the Bangor Daily News, is also in both.

Pet Sematary mentioned in The Tommyknockers
it was in Ludlow that they buried their dead when they were decimated by influenza in the 1880s and drifted south with Wahwayvokah, who had presided over their further decline. Wahwayvokah died in 1885, and on his deathbed he declared that the woods to which he had brought his dying people were cursed

Danger to Children:
It
The Long Walk

Police wanting to shoot themslves someday.
Mr. Mercedes:
The Institute: His .30- 06, which he planned to shoot himself with one of these fine South Carolina nights


Feeding poisoned raw hamburger to a dog
IT: Henry one day fed him a pound of hamburger laced with insect poison.
Mr. Mercedes: Brady bought the Gopher-Go to poison the dog


Connection: The Breathing Method and The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands
Stevens at 249B East Thirty-fifth (aka 249B East 35th)


Someone talking about writers and another person pretending to understand:
The Long Walk - Garraty listening to McVries talk about writers
Finders Keepers -

Writers that focus on teen angst:
The Long Walk - "J. D. Salinger ... John Knowles ... even James Kirkwood and that guy Don Bredes ... they've destroyed being an adolescent, Garraty. If you're a sixteen-year-old boy, you can't discuss the pains of adolescent love with any decency anymore.
Finders Keepers - Rothstein was sort of the go-to guy for teenage angst


I figured out how to find which novels have both Chambray Shirt and Arc Sodium Lights. I used Notepad++ to do a Find In Files for these regular expressions, to search all Stephen King novels (I have them all as text files).
- sodium.*chambray
- chambray.*sodium
I found them both in these 13 novels:
1. The Long Walk
2. The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower
3. IT
4. Pet Sematary
5. The Shining
6. The Stand
7. The Talisman
8. Black House
9. The Dead Zone
10. End of Watch
11. Firestarter
12. Needful Things
13. The Institute
NOTE: Cujo is a false-positive due to this sentence.
He had lost electrolytes, chlorides, and sodium through his perspiration.


Soft southern accent:
The Long Walk
    He spoke with a very slight Southern accent.
11-22-63
    he said in his soft Southern accent.

Southern accent grew stronger:
The Long Walk
    His light Southern drawl had thickened appreciably.
11-22-63
    Under stress, his Southern accent grew stronger.
Sleeping Beauties
    his flat twang had become more pronounced. Folksier.

Southern accent grew weaker:
'Salem's Lot - and the backcountry twang was gone from his voice.

Rubbing the scar without thinking:
The Long Walk - His hand went to the scar on his cheek and touched it.
    His hand had gone to the scar and was rubbing, rubbing, rubbing.
    McVries's hand went involuntarily to his cheek and the scar.
    His hand went to the scar.
    His hand crept up to the scar.
11-22-63 - Sadie stroked her hair against the wounded side of her face'that automatic gesture.




I found Ralph 5367 times in 41 novels, novellas and short-stories.
Here are the most frequent
1. Insomnia (3301)
2. The Outsider (1047)
3. The Stand (397)
4. Desperation (297)
5. If It Bleeds (novella) (56)
6. The Tommyknockers (42)
7. Ayana (short-story) (22)
8. Firestarter (21)
9. Blind willie (short-story) (21)
10. Carrie (17)
11. 'Salem's Lot (16)
12. The Little Sisters of Eluria (short-story) (16)
13. Christine (14)
14. Misery (14)
15. The Regulators (10)


Bram Stoker -> Barlow Straker
Braw Stoker - flip m to w
Brow Staker - trade a and o
Brow Straker - add r to Staker
Barow Straker - add a to Brow
Barlow Straker - add l to Barow

Green:
The Long Walk - "See anything green?" Garraty asked irritably.
The Long Walk - I was scairt green.
11-22-63 - "that was our greening".  Weird use of the word green.

Scar on face:
The Long Walk - McVries scar
11-22-63 - Bobby Joel Allnut (sp?) got tired of looking at the slash down the left side of her face.

Grange:
The Long Walk - EUREKA GRANGE NO. 81
    Wednesday Bingo at the grange hall
Roadwork - Tom Granger
The Tommyknockers - at each year's Grange Stage Spectacular
11-22-63 - near the old Durham grange hall.
    The New Year's Eve dance at Bountiful Grange No. 7 was a little better.
    The Saddle; twice I took her to the Saturday-night dances at the local Grange.

Mercedes:
Mr. Mercedes - Mr. Mercedes
11-22-63 - Mercedes Street

Making fun of high-school bands:
The Long Walk -
11-22-63 -
Finders Keepers - From somewhere below, a quartet of musicians is playing "Greensleeves."

Start:
The Long Walk - He put his foot down in a puddle of water and started fully awake again.
Carrie - felt a start of surprise and fear.
    I kind of started up awake
Roadwork - He woke with a guilty start
The Running Man - Richards started.
'Salem's Lot - Ben started.
    She started.
    She started from her thoughts
    Ben started guiltily.
    Tookey started
11-22-63 - I start awake again
    I woke with a start in the first weak light of day.
End of Watch - She starts a little.
The Outsider - He started and looked up
Jerusalem's Lot - What a start that name gave me!
IT - What a start he had given them that day
Under The Dome
    She started visibly, as if someone had just clapped his hands in front of her face.
    Big Jim started a little at that, then relaxed.

Report: (sound of gun shot)
The Long Walk - There was one sharp, clean report,
Roadwork - The rifle did not make a report. It made an explosion.
11-22-63 - Oswald jerked at the sound of the report,
Finders Keepers - The gun is small, but in the enclosed space of the basement, the report is loud.
End of Watch - The gun is a .357, and the report is deafening.
Cell - anticipating the report of the gun
Duma Key - The report was tremendous
Just After Sunset: A Very Tight Place - Curtis realized he would probably be dead before he heard the gun's report
Night Shift: Gray Matter - Going down we heard Henry fire three times, the reports loud as grenades




"Tendons in his neck creek and stand out like cables"
1922
I heard the tendons in his neck creak.
Nightmares & Dreamscapes: Chattery Teeth
the tendons in his neck stood out like pulley-wires.
Nightmares & Dreamscapes: Sneakers
There was a grating sound not entirely unlike the one the hinge had made. It was the tendons in the dead man's neck, Tell realized.
Carrie
Tendons stood out on her neck
Cujo
She could hear the low creak of the tendons in her neck.
The Dead Zone
The scars from the tendon operations stood out clearly on his neck.
Doctor Sleep
he could hear the tendons in his neck creaking like old doorhinges.
Gerald's Game
The tendons of his neck stood out like cables.
Cords of tendon stood out on the sides of his neck.
She could hear the muscles and tendons in her neck creaking like old bedsprings
Insomnia
Ralph turned his head very slowly, hearing the tendons in his neck creak.
Ralph turned and looked at her. The tendons in his neck creaked rustily.
IT
Henry could hear the tendons in Belch's neck;
Needful Things
He turned his head in that direction (the tendons in his neck creaking like rusty screen-door springs)
Henry turned his head to look, and heard the tendons in his neck creak.
The Outsider
Terry could see two tendons standing out on the back of his neck, making the number 11.
Pet Sematary
Rachel turned slowly to her daughter, and Ellie could hear the tendons in her neck creak.
when he moved his head, it felt as if the tendons in his neck had been replaced by rusty bandsaw blades.
Revival
She swallowed with a grimace that made the tendons in her neck stand out.
Sleeping Beauties
Tiffany screamed, every tendon in her neck standing out in stark relief.
The Stand
He turned around little by little, the tendons in his neck creaking like the hinges of a door in a haunted house.
The Talisman
He turned toward the telephone, which was only four feet from where he was working, hearing the tendons in his neck creak.
Corded tendons stood out like insulated cables.
tendons on their necks standing out in harsh relief
The Tommyknockers
She turned toward Peter, hearing the tendons in her neck creak like dirty door hinges
He turned his head slowly and stared at Ev. Ev could hear the tendons in the man's neck creak.
scrawny tendons standing out on his throat.
The Regulators
He looked slowly to his left, hearing the tendons in his neck creak




little man:
The Long Walk - Now go peddle your papers, little man.
The Running Man - Goodbye little man
Cell

Nigger:
Carrie - keep the niggers out of Kleen Korners
The Long Walk - What the hell can you expect from a dumb nigger?
The Running Man - I had you pegged for the house nigger.
Roadwork - the niggers always keep their distance.
11-22-63 - evil nigger-loving communist monster?
Mr. Mercedes - poison the nigger family's dog
Finders Keepers - Big buck nigger, isn't he?
End of Watch - And where, pray tell, is your nigger lawnboy?

Rabid Dogs:
11-22-63 - But you can feel sorry for a good dog that goes rabid, too.
Cujo

Analyzing books for their meaning:
The Long Walk
Finders Keepers

Sit and Spin:
Finders Keepers - sit on it and spin

Occam's razor:
Finders Keepers

Mentions Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts:
The Long Walk
Cell
Finders Keepers

Pound Cake:
11-22-63
Finders Keepers

Full Daylight:
Cell

Calling someone a Rabbit:
The Long Walk
11-22-63

Bloody foot prints:
The Long Walk
Gerald's Game


choo-choo - 103 results in 17 books
blast from the past - 10 results in 5 books

Khakis:
The Long Walk
Finders Keepers

None of your bees-wax:
Finders Keepers

Opinions are like ass-holes, everyone has one:
Finders Keepers
11-22-63

Alive, alive, alive:
The Long Walk - alive, alive-o
Roadwork - alive, awake, aware ...
11-22-63 - Alive, alive, alive

Little by slowly:
11-22-63

burrow into the mind:
The Long Walk - You burrow until you hit bedrock. Then you burrow into the bedrock.
End of Watch - burrowed deep into her mind

leg cramp:
The Long Walk
End of Watch

rubber legs:
The Long Walk - legs feel rubbery
    My legs feel funny. Like the muscles are all turning ... baggy.
Cell

You're going to need a bigger boat:
Finders Keepers

Character named Sadie:
11-22-63
End of Watch

Global Warming:
Finders Keepers

Expansion-jointed concrete:
The Long Walk - The road was now expansion-jointed concrete
The Running Man - wide oil-blackened cement with expansion joints.

Composition surface:
The Long Walk - That composition surface will be hot by noon
Roadwork - the frozen composition surface

Etcetera Etcetera Etcetera:
Finders Keepers

Streets named after trees like Pine Street, Elm Street, etc.
Finders Keepers

shit the bed:
End of Watch
The Outsider

Few teeth or Bad teeth:
The Long Walk
    Scramm smiled, showing the stubborn last survivors of his teeth.
'Salem's Lot
    He had only five teeth left in his jaw
Finders Keepers
    showing his last remaining teeth in a grin
It
    Henry said, and offered a big grin which showed an irregular line of yellow teeth. They looked like the pickets in a fence outside a haunted house. Henry had begun to lose his teeth when he was fourteen or so.
Dreamcatcher
    half her teeth were gone.
The Dark Tower V Wolves of the Calla
    Not as Jamie was now, doddering and nearly toothless
Duma Key
    broke into a sunny and nearly toothless grin.
Sleeping Beauties
    exposing teeth that hadn't seen a dentist in a good long while, if ever.
Gwendy's Button Box
    exposing teeth that would make even a hardened dentist wince and turn away.
The Bazaar of Bad Dreams\The Little Green God of Agony
    exposing teeth that were little more than tiny eroded gravestones.
The Shining
    grinned widely enough to expose all three gold teeth
End of Watch
    Both of them grin, the younger one with quite a few more teeth.
The Tommyknockers
    there's two teeth less in your head
Under the Dome
    He cackled, showing a few surviving teeth.
    Sloppy Sam grinned himself, showing all six of his remaining teeth.
Nightmares & Dreamscapes: The Night Flier
    When he grinned, displaying all six of his remaining teeth
The Dead Zone
    using all six of his teeth on them.

Easy as shooting fish in a barrel:
End of Watch

Does the sunrise in the East?:
End of Watch

He screams like a girl:
End of Watch

Widget:
End of Watch - attaching widgets to wodgets on an assembly line

Storyville

Small breasts:
nubs:
nubbins:
A-cup:
no breasts:
nonbreasted:
scant bosom:
tea-cups:
flat as a board:
The Long Walk
    His mother was also tall, but too thin. Her breasts were almost nonexistent: token nubs.
Roadwork
    A pair of harlequin glasses hung against her scant bosom
    her breasts a soft weight on his stomach (flat enough in those days,
    her breasts small and not apt to sag much.
Carrie
    their slim, nonbreasted gym teacher
    A baggy sweater concealed her breasts except for her token nubs.
End of Watch
    flat as a board
    Any chick who sees the teacups I call tits gets to call me Freddi.
The Running Man
    Flattened, sagging breasts.
    a scrawny woman with no breasts
Sleeping Beauties
    She was an A-cup
    Her breasts, once little more than nubbins
Revival
    little sweater-nubbins that might in the future become actual breasts.
Skeleton Crew: The Wedding Gig
    A thin lady with no breastworks to speak of
Just After Sunset: The Gingerbread Girl
    her boobs no more than nubs
Under The Dome
    Wettington and her gunshell tiddies
    tiddies of hers-a couple of cotton-picking gunshells was what they were
    One fisted hand is pressed between the scant nubs of her breasts
Rose Madder
    her teacup-sized breasts and small strawberry-colored nipples.
11-22-63
    Milly wagged her scaly tail and jiggled her teacup breasts.


I don't make the news, I just report it:
End of Watch

Face Slapping:
The Long Walk
    He brought one hand up and slapped himself across the face, backward and forward, hard.
    At quarter to four he was given first warning, and he slapped himself twice smartly across the face, trying to make himself wake up.
    she had slapped him hard enough to make his mouth bleed and told him to shut up, shut up.
    McVries slapped him twice quickly, forehand on the right cheek, backhand on the left.
The Running Man - He dropped the parachute and slapped her.
'Salem's Lot - Susan slapped her across the face.
Carrie - I slapped her.
Firestarter - Andy slapped her as hard as he could
The Dead Zone - She had slapped his face
The Tommyknockers - The old man's callused palm slammed across his face.
It - Dick slapped his face
Cell - The man slapped her face hard
Mr. Mercedes - He slaps first one cheek, then the other.
Finders Keepers - Morris slaps her, and hard.
End of Watch
    slaps herself across the face
    he slaps himself briskly-two hard ones on each cheek.
11-22-63 - I began to slap her face again
The Mist - Reppler stepped briskly forward and slapped Amanda, first forehand, then backhand.
Duma Key - Wireman slapped first one side of my face, then the other. Not gently, either.

New pain is much worse than the old pain:
This pain makes the old pain feel like ...:
The Long Walk - The sobs ripped out of him and made him ache with a pain that was far beyond anything the Walk had been able to inflict.
The Long Walk - when the monstrous pain bolted up Garraty's left leg, making all the pain of the last thirty hours seem like a mere whisper in comparison.
End of Watch - it makes his previous pain feel like a bunch of warm-up notes.

No good deed goes unpunished:
End of Watch

You're shitting/shittin me

Right to his face
The Long Walk - I'll tell him right to his face!
End of Watch - turning things she should have said into things she had, and right to his face!
The Shining - I told him once right to his face

dickweed:
End of Watch
Cell

fuckhead:


Come to the for (forground):
End of Watch

Skull/Head on a Stick:
The Long Walk - Look at Olson. A skull on top of a stick.
End of Watch

Leaving the scene jelly bean:

Honest Injun: (Finders Keepers and The Green Mile)

Eyes up to the left (lying):
End of Watch

The Rec (for the recreational center):
Finders Keepers

children getting killed:
Mr. Mercedes

Tough titty: 5 results 12 files
11-22-63 - tough titty said the kitty
End of Watch - if he doesn't like her secondhand smoke, tough titty.
The Outsider - Tough titty said the kitty

Monopoly analogies:
collect two-hundred dollars:
go to jail:
go directly to jail:
do not pass go:
The Running Man
    Back to Go, collect two-hundred dollars
    Sort of like landing on Free Parking in Monopoly.
Carrie
    Lose all of your points, go to jail.
The Long Walk
    Ray, you lose all your points. Remember that game?
Roadwork
    Lose one turn. Niggers dispersed by fire hoses in Selma. Go directly to jail..
Dead Zone, The
    Do not pass go, do not collect two hundred dollars. Go directly to New Hampshire State Prison.
Stand, The
    It was no different than the Go to Jail card in Monopoly. Do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars.
    You and your friends are going right into the Las Vegas County Jail. Do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars.
Christine
    It was all nothing but a big shitting game of Monopoly, really. His parents had come up with the Get Out of Jail Free card.
Duma Key
    In Nebraska, a one-seven means do not collect two hundred dollars, go directly to drunk.
Mr. Mercedes
    that makes it like Free Parking in Monopoly.
Finders Keepers
    And then to tell him he's going back to prison: Do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars.
Insomnia
    Go to the doctor. Now. Today. Do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars, go directly to Litchfield.
Sleeping Beauties
    inmates called their work accounts Free Parking, like in Monopoly
Collections\Everything's Eventual\Everything's Eventual
    You know how, in Monopoly, there's a Get-Out-of-Jail-Free card?
Collections\Four Past Midnight\The Langoliers
    Do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars, go directly to the nearest rehab, and start drying out,
Collections\Full Dark, No Stars\A Good Marriage
    To jail, of course. Do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars, go directly to jail.
Collections\Skeleton Crew\The Ballad of the Flexible Bullet
    Do not pass go, do not collect two hundred dollars. Go directly to drunk.



Card Game analogies:
The Running Man -
    My people, they're the jack of spades
    The queen, the lady in the affair, is you.
    I'm the king; the black man with the sword.

Gladiators in Rome:
The Long Walk - Romans used to stuff each other during the gladiatorial matches. That's entertainment, Garraty.
The Running Man
    When the Games first started, people said they were the world's greatest entertainment
    because there had never been anything like them. But nothing's that original. There were the
    gladiators in Rome who did the same thing.

Lose the plot:
Finders Keepers

jack shit: (meaning nothing)
jack-shit:
jackshit


Ambo: Ambos: (short for Ambulance and  Ambulances)
End of Watch
Doctor Sleep

Roger That:
End of Watch

Petie with a little sister:
The Long Walk
Finders Keepers

Oh well, so it goes:
Finders Keepers

Bleeding like a stuck pig:
The Long Walk - Like a stuck pig
The Tommyknockers
    You bled like a stuck pig,
    Starting her period early, only spotting here at the farm but bleeding like a stuck pig when she was close to it.
Finders Keepers - Morrie, I need a doctor! I'm bleeding like a stuck pig!
The Institute - bleeding like a stuck pig.
Everything's Eventual: Lunch at the Gotham Cafe - and he was bleeding like a stuck pig.
Skeleton Crew: Nona - He was heavier, and bleeding like a stuck pig.
The Regulators - Help her, Doc, she's bleedin like a stuck pig!
Bag of Bones - I can hold him another minute-two, if I have to-but I'm bleeding like a stuck pig.
The Dead Zone - I'm bleeding like a stuck pig, he thought.
Desperation - There was also the fact that Mary was not bleeding like a stuck pig.
Rose Madder - how Officer Al could still be on his feet even though he was bleeding like a stuck pig


Faint chuckle of the stream:
Finders Keepers

But me no buts:
The Long Walk - But me no buts, Ray. Slow down and live.
Finders Keepers
    But me no buts, Lin.
    Go ahead and but me your buts
    But me your buts.

Brains look like oatmeal:
The Long walk - Curley had gone down in a spray of blood and brains like oatmeal
The Tommyknockers - It looked like radioactive oatmeal.
Finders Keepers
    what came out looked like so much oatmeal
    Nothing left but oatmeal up top.
Under the Dome: What she had used to think with now looked like a clot of oatmeal.


shove it up your ass:
The Long Walk - "Shove it up your ass!" Barkovitch screamed after them.
The Running Man - reverse bowl movement

beam: The Dark Tower beam mentioned in books outside The Dark Tower

farted:
The Long Walk
    He broke wind - a long, sterile rattle that seemed to bear no relationship at all to an honest fart.
The Running Man
    He returend, sat down, farted,
'Salem's Lot
    Clyde Corliss broke wind.
The Tommyknockers
    looked ready to shoot the moment a squirrel farted.
11-22-63
    Did cancer treatments make you fart?
The Outsider
    and accused each other farting

Lighting farts:
Bachman\Long Walk, The
    this hairy-assed old boy named Davey Popham had managed to burn off almost all the hair on his ass and the small of his back as well.
IT
    I don't care if it was twenty fuckin feet, you burned my ass off!

married instead of graduating high-school:
The Long Walk - Scramm
The Running Man - Richardson

Shit in your boot and eat it:
The Running Man

The game is rigged:
The Long Walk
The Running Man

Farcical:
The Running Man

had to be a way. had to:
The Long Walk - he had to reach her, had to-
    had to be Barkovitch, had to be.
The Running Man - had to be a way. had to.
Cell - The ranks of the phoners had to be seriously depleted - had to be.

Abraiding skin:
The Long Walk - He slid forward on the end of his nose, abrading the tip of it on the road like soft chalk
The Running Man

Saying "bullshit" when someone is making a speech:
The Long Walk - "I'm proud of you, boys. Proud!"
    From somewhere behind Garraty a voice said softly but clearly: "Diddly shit."
The Running Man

Portly:
The Running Man

pneumonia:
The Long Walk
The Running Man
The Tommyknockers - maybe even pneumonia

Getting run over by something heavy:
The Long Walk
Mr. Mercedes
End of Watch

Augusta:
The Long Walk
The Running Man
The Tommyknockers - There were trips to Augusta
Cell

ethereal:
The Running Man - The foot itself felt strange and ethereal, barely attached.

Coleman:
The Tommyknockers - and found her Coleman gas lantern on a high shelf
Cell - coleman lantern
The Outsider - You got a Coleman gas lamp when you went in

gut-shot: comparing intenstines to sausages
The Long Walk
The Running Man

leave us boogie:
Cell <- only one!

surpassing the previous record:
The Long Walk
The Running Man

Say it until it's gibberesh:
The Long Walk
    Live a little longer. Live a little longer. Live a little longer. Until the words themselves became meaningless and signified nothing.
Cell
    say you're name two-hundred times and you find our you're no one

Live a little longer: (sub-string)
The Long Walk
    Live a little longer. Live a little longer. Live a little longer. Until the words themselves became meaningless and signified nothing.
Cell
    Then whatever it was, a vase or some knickknack, decided to live a little longer and settled back into place.

Talisman:
Cell

Yelp and Yowl:
Cell

Packsack:
The Long Walk
The Running Man - like a packsack
The Tommyknockers - with a loaded gun in my packsack.
Cell

Uncontrollable laughter:
The Long Walk
    He had gone into hysterics, had a laughing jag,
The Running Man
    But laughter overcame him.
Finders Keepers
Cell
    they would think he was having hysterics, and they would be right
    He laughed harder. He couldn't help it.
The Outsider - She began to howl.
    she laughed herself into another coughing fit
Collections\Skeleton Crew\The Mist
    I thought of that tentacle waving Norm's red apron around, and I got laughing.
Duma Key
    I laughed until I rolled bonelessly out of my own chair and plopped onto the sand beside Wireman

What the haps?:
Cell

Drop trau: (drop trausers)
Cell

Shown red / Seen red:
The Long Walk - McVries had shown red
The Running Man - she had shown red
Carrie - until Carrie saw red.

Rabbit:
The Long Walk -
The Running Man - "That's too bad," Richards said. "I saw a rabbit."

See you later alligator, in a while crocodile:
Finders Keepers

Puppy: (calling a thing a puppy)
Cell - he loved that puppy

S.A.T.'s:
Cell - I never broke a thousands on the S.A.T.'s

Vulpine:
The Long Walk - His face was speckled by two days of beard and it looked sickly vulpine.
The Running Man - McCone was aware of what was happening, and his leaning posture became more and more vulpine.

Don't shit me:
The Long Walk
The Running Man

Poet and don't know it:
End of Watch

khaki:
The Long Walk
The Tommyknockers - stained his khaki shirt
Cell
End of Watch

One of the main characters has a younger sister:
The Long Walk
Mr. Mercedes
Finders Keepers
End of Watch
11-22-63

Fist in mouth:
The Long Walk - "Get off my back!" Garraty screamed. He crammed one fist against his lips and bit down on it.
The Running Man - Amelia screamed affrightedly in unison, cringing back in her seat with eyes as huge as cracked porcelain doorknobs, trying to cram a whole fist in her mouth.

Flogged his dog:
The Running Man

Route 1 or U.S. 1:
The Long Walk - That's also where we get on U.S. 1. And that's where we stay until it's over.
The Running Man - Go up Route 1 and we'll talk about it.
Cell - were walking North on Route One

Souvenir:
The Long Walk - A teenager in pegged jeans raced a middle-aged housewife for McVries's empty tube, which had stopped being something useful and had begun its new career as a souvenir.
The Running Man - Tomorrow those woods will be full of people looking for a scrap of your shirt, or maybe even a cartridge case.

click.+throat:
swallowed.+click: (from the mouth)
audible click:
In The Tall Grass
    Her mouth was dry. She swallowed, and her throat was dry, too. When it made that click sound, you knew you were dry.
    "The baby," she tried to say, but nothing would come out, just a scraping click, the sound of someone trying to pick a rusty lock with rusty tools.





Jacking off:
The Running Man

Jesus on a Pony:
End of Watch

Jesus Pleasus:
End of Watch

Jesus Mary and Joseph:
Roadwork - Hitler copulating with the Virgin Mary
    But what, dear Mary, Oh-not-so-virgin Mary, are we going to do?
'Salem's Lot - Jesus Mary and Joseph.
Cell - Jesus Mary and Josheph NO!
The Outsider - The rope was finally loosening, thank God and Jesus and Mary and all the saints.

Ice-cream trucks:
Mr. Mercedes - Mr. Tastey truck
Cell - Mister Softee truck

Barsoom Mars:
The Long Walk - My home is Barsoom, Mars.
Cell - Barsoom!

Assume means make an ass out of u and me:
Cell

white socks:
The Long Walk - Garraty saw he had been wearing white athletic socks. Hint 12 recommended them.
The Running Man - White socks. (describing poor people)

(drew,breathed,hissed,hitched) in breath:
The Long Walk
    Garraty hissed in breath.
11-22-63
    She drew in breath
Christine
    His chest hitched—once, twice.
Cujo
    hitched in breath, and screamed.
Cycle of the Werewolf
    hitches in a great, gasping breath, and begins to scream.
IT
    He hitched in breath and turned it into a scream.
    Ben hitched in breath, sure the scream would follow
    Koontz hitched in breath to scream again as the clown lurched toward him.
Needful Things
    Norris's thin chest hitched in breath, and he uttered a scream of shame and rage.
Revival
    “No.” His chest hitched and he screamed it. “No!”
The Stand
    He drew one final bubbling gasp, let it out, hitched in a smaller one, and just quit.
Dark Tower\The Dark Tower III The Waste Lands
    Then his chest hitched and he loosed the boy's name in a long, bloodcurdling cry.
    His chest hitched once . . . twice . . . three times.
Doctor Sleep
    The breathing hitched.
Misery
    He hitched air into his lungs and closed his eyes.
Duma Key
    His chest hitched, he made a gurk sound deep in his throat
The Dead Zone
    The kid drew breath in hitches.
The Green Mile
    He drew breath in hitches
Pet Sematary
    angry cries became hitches and hiccups and moans.
Under the Dome
    She drew in a deep breath, let it out in little hitches.
The Regulators
    sobbing in big, watery hitches.
The Institute
    his narrow chest still hitching with a few final sobs.
Collections\Nightmares & Dreamscapes\The Moving Finger
    He hitched in breath
Collections\Different Seasons\The Breathing Method
    Its breathing, like the baby's, hitched and caught . . . stopped . . . hitched again . . . stopped . . .
Collections\Four Past Midnight\The Library Policeman
    His chest hitched twice, and Sam could see his throat locked against a sob.


hitched up pants
The Long Walk
    He hitched up his pants. He was wearing jeans that were too big for him and he hitched up his pants often.
'Salem's Lot
    hitched his garrison belt.
    Dud wiped his hands on his green pants, hitched them up
    He hitched his pants and walked down to his car.
    hitched up his green work pants.
From A Buick 8
    hitched up his belt.
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon
    hitched up her jeans
    again she hitched at her jeans
    She hitched constantly at the waist of her loose jeans without realizing it.
Insomnia
    He hitched at the waistband of his jeans
    hitched at her wayward slip again
IT
    hitched at the sides of his pants
    Bill hitched up his pants
Lisey's Story
    He hitched up his pants.
Needful Things
    Lenny hitched at the truss beneath his baggy trousers.
    hitched up his green khaki pants
Pet Sematary
    hitched the straps of the Gerrypack up a bit
The Shining
    hitched his cook's whites at the hips.
Under the Dome
    Frankie hitched up his belt
    He hitched up his belt
    Chef hitched up his pjs
Blaze
    He hitched up his gunbelt
Novels\Dark Tower\The Dark Tower IV Wizard and Glass.txt
    hitched up her own skirt
Novels\Dark Tower\The Dark Tower V Wolves of the Calla.txt
    Aaron hitched up his diaper
Collections\Full Dark, No Stars\1922
    Sheriff Jones got out, hitched up his belt
    He hitched at that, getting the pants set the way he wanted them just below his tidy little paunch.
Collections\Just After Sunset\The Gingerbread Girl
    She hitched up her shorts


Newark:
The Long Walk - Then it was on to Newark
The Running Man - We are over Newark, New Jersey.

Old music makers:
The Long Walk - Dave Brubeck, Thelonius Monk, Cannonball Adderly'the Banned Noisemakers that everybody kept under the table and played when the party got noisy and drunk.
Cell - Lawrence Welk and his Champagne Music Makers playing "Baby Elephant Walk."

gathering:
The Long Walk - out of the gathering gloom
The Running Man - The bus rolled north in the gathering darkness.
    runways stretched straight and clean into the gathering twilight,
'Salem's Lot - squinting in the gathering gloom
    a subdued elegance in the gathering gloom.
The Dead Zone - Johny slipped quietly out into the gathering storm.
Cell - the gathering darkness behind the desk

Androscoggin:
The Long Walk - Now they were walking parallel to the mighty and dead-polluted Androscoggin River.
'Salem's Lot - The Royal fed the mill-polluted Androscoggin but had never been polluted itself
11-22-63 - deep in the heart of Androscoggin County.

bullet near misses:
The Long Walk
    The slugs snapped and whined, and Garraty felt one of them tug air in front of his face.
Roadwork
    Something whizzed past his head.
    heard the bullets pass overhead
Finders Keepers
    the bullet goes over his head almost close enough to part his hair.
The Outsider
    The bullet grooved the side of Terry's head
    Ralph felt the passage of the slug, which meant it had missed the top of his head by no more than an inch or two.
Sleeping Beauties
    Frank felt the bullet pass just above his knuckles.
Firestarter
    Missed his head by no more than a quarter of an inch.
The Dead Zone
    Another bullet whizzed by his temple.
Under the Dome
    Big Jim felt the bullet buzz close by his ear


Death wish:
The Long Walk - Ready to grant first wish, every wish, any wish, death wish. The Prize.
Cell - I have many issues - I'd be the first to admit it - but a death-wish has never been one of them.

Ollie Ollie, Oxen Free / Olly Olly Oxen Free:
Cell - Olly-olly-in-for-free
The Outsider - character named Ollie
Mr. Mercedes - character named Ollie

Derry:
The Running Man -
The Tommyknockers -
It -
11-22-63 -


Abbreviating:
End of Watch - Holly looks for the girls addy
The Outsider - Talk to the wits,
    Don't forget the eye-wits.

Correcting English:
Cell - Me and the head - the Head and I
The Outsider - Me and Helen - Helen and I

Crowd: (as some kind of creature)
The Long Walk - the savage scream from the throat of Crowd.
    the great god Crowd clawing its way out of the Augusta basin on scarlet spider-legs and devouring them all alive.
    Only Crowd, a creature with no body, no head, no mind. Crowd was nothing but a Voice and an Eye, and it was not surprising that Crowd was both God and Mammon.
    Crowd was to be pleased. Crowd was to be worshiped and feared. Ultimately, Crowd was to be made sacrifice unto.
    The hands of Crowd groped for it eagerly.
    He drifted over to the right until the clutching hands of Crowd were inches from him
The Outsider - The spectators had become a crowd
The Dead Zone - The crowd's mass mouth had received the meal's appetizer and had found it good.
    The crowd lurched and swayed deliriously toward him
    The crowd had started to move, panicky as cattle.

Nose bleed: Bloody nose:
Carrie (blood nose mentioned 3 times) The girl had cried herself into a bloody nose.
The Long Walk - His nose was gushing blood.
Roadwork - One of them had a nosebleed.
It - Georgie sometimes got nosebleeds.
The Mist - The guy with the noselbeed?
The Tommyknockers - 9 results found!
    He'd had a nosebleed.
The Outsider - Something let go in my nose, that's all, and it went like Old Faithful.


No reply:
The Long Walk - The soldier didn't reply.
The Running Man - He didn't reply;
The Tommyknockers - Dugan didn't reply.
    Gardener didn't reply.
    Bobi didn't reply.
Cell - Clay didn't reply.
11-22-63 - To this he didn't reply.
    They didn't reply to this.
    I didn't reply.
Finders Keepers - Duck didn't reply.
The Outsider - Holly didn't reply. Which was a reply, of course.

Get randy:
The Outsider - when guys get randy

Arc sodium:
The Long Walk
    the fuzzy glow of more arc-sodiums'bone - white this time - above
The Outsider
    Hard to tell under those arc-sodium parking lot lights

Snipping motions:
cutting gesture:
The Long Walk
    the reporter made snipping motions with his fingers at the two technicians. (repoter to technician to cut what they just recorded)
Roadwork
    then made cutting gestures with the first two fingers of his right hand. (repoter to technician to cut what they just recorded)

Shoo: (whole word)
Shooing: (whole word)
The Long Walk
    His mother made shooing gestures.
The Outsider
    Lovie made a shooing gesture.
Rage
    The cops tried to shoo them away.


Plastic legs:
The Long Walk - Plaaastic feet, Garraty. I'm just gonna have these ones cut off, fuck 'em if they can't take a joke. I'll have new plastic feet put on
Roadwork - He looked like somebody who had just had his legs cut off and was trying to fool everybody that he was looking forward to the new plastic ones

fuck 'em if they can't take a joke:
The Long Walk - fuck 'em if they can't take a joke

A day late and a buck short:
The Outsider - A day late and a buck short

sibling rivalry:
End of Watch - He breaks up this strangely pleasant sibling rivalry
Finders Keepers - Were they two years closer in age, maybe they could have gotten that sibling rivalry thing going, but maybe not even then.
The Outsider - Given the age difference between the two brothers - seven years - they had been amazingly close. Or maybe it wasn't so amazing, maybe that was just enough space to keep sibling rivalry to a bare minimum.

euphemisms for urinating:
The Outsider - tap a kidney

vomit until nothing left:
Cell - vomited until there was nothing left.

theremin:
Cell - It wavered like the cry of a theremin in an old horror movie

go to hell:
Roadwork - Oh, go to hell.
Carrie - All of you, go to hell.
Tommyknockers - You got to let the world go to hell in its own way
Cell - Go to hell, buddy.
Finders Keepers - he told them to go to hell.

speak of the devil:
The Outsider - Detective Anderson - ah, speak of the devil.

chuckle of the brook:
gurgle of the brook:
The Long Walk - A small brook gurgled its way underneath.
Cell - the noisy chuckle of the brook.
Related - noise of inanimate objects
Roadwork - making the silverwear gossip.

create that feeds on emotion:
It - creature that feeds on fear
The Outsider - creature that feeds on sadness

Describing an animal dying slowly:
The Long Walk - where it lay dull-eyed, panting, and shivering.
Roadwork - It sat in the snow surrounded by a pink blood stain, it's beak slowly opening and closing.

aging quickly:
The Long Walk - He had aged unbelievably; Stebbins was an old man.
Cell - He looked ten years older than the man Clay ahd met in Boston.

intestines hanging out:
The Long Walk - The blue snakes of Olson's intestines were slowly slipping through his fingers.
The Running Man - Richards got up very slowly, holding his intestines in.
Roadwork - and the steaming sausages of his own intestines.
The Tommyknockers - shitting out their own intestines!
Cell - while his intestines swung back and forth at the level of his crotch.

Bingo:
The Tommyknockers - Bingo!
Cell - Bingo!
11-22-63 - Bingo,
Finders Keepers - Bingo!

Fuck your warnings!:
The Long Walk - Fuck your warnings!
Finders Keepers - Fuck your warning.
The Outsider - Stick your warning up your -

to-may-to, to-mah-to:
The Outsider - You say to-may-to, I say to-mah-to.

insulted look:
The Long Walk - Barkovitch put on his insulted look and moved away.
The Outsider - Bowtie gave him an insulted look.

irons in the fire:
The Outsider - too many irons currently in the fire,

stepping in blood:
The Long Walk - Stebbins stepped over the body. His foot slid a little in some of the blood, and his next step with that foot left a bloody track
The Outsider - In the movies, no one stepped in a puddle of fresh blood and left bright red tracks behind.

scratching the face:
The Long Walk - One pinwheeling hand ripped stripes of blood across the face
Carrie - hooked her right hand into claws and ripped it across her own cheek, bringing thin blood
'Salem's Lot
    Her hands, hooked into claws, pinwheeled across his face, dragging red stripes across the surprised orderly's forehead and right cheek.
    The hands clawed at Ben's cheeks, pulling long gouges in his skin.
The Outsider - Ralph let her rake her fingers down the left side of his face
Insomnia - When Mom opened his face with her fingernails,

raring to go:
The Long Walk - Said he liked to see someone who was raring to rip.
The Outsider - Especially when you were as raring to go as I was this morning.

Stephen King books mentioned in other books:
Finders Keepers - mentions movie soundtrack to Shawshank Redemption

when the wind was right:
The Long Walk - I even took to reading Keats to her out in back of the house, when the wind was right.
    Maybe I should have read her Swinburne when the wind was wrong.
The Outsider - Not so fresh when the wind comes from the west

I don't know why I'm doing this:
The Long Walk -
Roadwork - Are you really going to pull the string?
    I really don't know.

Getting too old for this:
Roadwork - He was getting too old for this sort of bullshit

Knee joints pop:
The Long Walk
He saw Olson flex first one knee, then the other, again. Curious, he tried it himself. His knee joints popped audibly
You'd start by squatting, and your stiff knee-joints would pop like toy air-pistols.
every few moments he would bend one knee swiftly. Each time Garraty could hear the joint pop.
His knees popped explosively.
Carrie
Billy had just flexed his knees to make his joints pop.
11-22-63
hoping like hell I wouldn't pop my knee.
and swung it at my left knee. I heard something down there make a popping sound.
Cujo
She bent down, expecting her knees to pop, but they didn't.
The Dark Half
and as he rose to his feet, knees popping dryly
The Dead Zone
His knees popped like dud firecrackers.
Dreamcatcher
She rose, her knees popping, and burped again.
Duma Key
His knees popped.
Insomnia
the scream shot him to his feet so hard and fast that his knees popped.
IT
he ran with his knees popping
Lisey's Story
He squats beside her and his knees pop.
His knees popped
Rose Madder
his knees popping.
The Stand
his knees popped like pistol shots
He stood up, wincing as his knees popped.
She knelt clumsily and without grace, her knees popping like firecrackers as she did so.
The Talisman
They sat down with Wolf on the aisle, his knees accordioned up uncomfortably
The Tommyknockers
Both knees popped.
His knee buckled and struck the side of the ship. The kneecap popped like a bottlecap.
Rage
I got up and heard both my knees pop.
The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger
The boy got up to fetch it, his knees popping slightly.
The Dark Tower III: The Waste Lands
Roland stood up. His knees popped like gunshots.
The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla
Callahan dropped to one knee. There was an audible pop as the joint flexed
The Man in the Black Suit
He hunkered beside me on his hams, his knees popping just as the knees of any normal man might
Low Men in Yellow Coats
He got to his feet, using the table for support and grimacing when one knee popped loudly.
The Little Green God of Agony
His knees popped like pistol shots.


Fan Theory: George LeBay from Christine was in the Turnpike crowd The Long Walk.
niggers want to give away the panama canal
The Long Walk
There were other crowd standouts. A man with an electric bullhorn who alternately praised Garraty and advertised his own candidacy to represent the second district; a woman with a big crow in a small cage which she hugged jealously to her giant bosom; a human pyramid made out of college boys in University of New Hampshire sweatshirts; a hollow-cheeked man with no teeth in an Uncle Sam suit wearing a sign which said: WE GAVE AWAY THE PANAMA CANAL TO THE COMMUNIST NIGGERS.
Christine
“Steer clear of colleges. They're full of niggerlovers that want to give away the Panama Canal. ‘Think-tanks,' they call em. ‘Asshole-tanks,' say I.”


Easily side stepped a punch:
The Long Walk - Rank threw another punch. Barkovitch nimbly stepped around it
'Salem's Lot - He swung his haymaker right, which would catch ole four-eyes queer-boy right in the mouth and send his teeth flying like piano keys. Get ready for the dentist, queery-boy. Here I come. Mark Petrie ducked and sidesstepped at the same time instant. The haymaker went over his head.

pulling pigtails:
'Salem's Lot - pulling pigtails on Bug 6.
Mr. Mercedes - never called me names or pulled my pigtails

Mocking prayer:
The Long Walk
    Amen, hallelujah, chunky peanut butter. Our father, which art in tinfoil, hallow'd be thy name.
    "Hail Mary," McVries muttered. "Full of grace," Stebbins said from behind them.  "Help me win this stock-car race."
'Salem's Lot
    hallelujah, chunky peanut butter. Hail Mary, full of grace, help me win this stock-car race.
Just After Sunset: Rest Stop
    Tonight he was going for the long bomb. Hail Mary fulla grace, help me win this stock-car race.
The Stand
    Brad smiled nervously and said, "Hail Mary, fulla grace, help me win this stock-car race."

Powers of the mind:
The Long Walk
Carrie
'Salem's Lot
End of Watch
Cell
It
The Dead Zone
Firestarter
The Shining
The Green Mile
Dolores Claiborne (Eclipse connection)
Gerald's Game (Eclipse connection)
11-22-63
Duma Key



Dolores Claiborne and Gerald's Game Eclipse Connection
Gerald's Game
the image of the woman kneeling by the splintered boards with her slip puddled on the ground beside her
Dolores Claiborne
I also think that little girl I saw then n again later was a real little girl, and that she was sittin with her father somewhere else along the path of the eclipse at the same time I was sittin on the back porch with Joe.



Pain of walking:
The Long Walk - And my legs feel like they got harpoons in them all the way up to-
    His legs were screaming at him that they simply weren't going to do this shit any longer.
    monstrous pain bolted up Garraty's left leg
The Dead Zone - it feels like somebody took a long splinter and rammbed it stright up my legs to my balls


The Shop: DSI: Department of Scientific Intelligence:

Getting bonked in the head with a baseball:
The Long Walk - Once he got under one and jabbed his glove at a hunk of thin air while the ball landed on his forehead with an audible bonk! like a cantaloupe being whocked with the handle of a kitchen knife.
It - He stood looking up, raised his glove in an almost aimless punching gesture, and instead of settling into his glove, the ball had struck him squarely on top of the head, producing a hollow bonk! sound. It was as if the ball had been dropped from three stories up onto the roof of a Ford sedan.

summertime blues:


The Beam, off the beam, on the beam:
It
    It was one of those perfect summer days which, in a world where everything was on track and on the beam, you would never forget.
    Before removing the mote from thy neighbor's eye, attend the beam in thine own

drained of color:
Firestarter
    his face stamped with pain. He was paper white.
    Her face was a pallid moonlet in the dark.


A ghost of a smile:

A hand fell on his shoulder:

Onward Christian soldiers:

Shit don't stink:

shit happens:

the horse you rode in on:

goshdarn:
gosh darn:

in a nice way:

fight him or crawfish before the day was over
Rage

Owl shit:
Rage


jackribbit:
Rage
    He jackrabbited in front of me

hangdog:
Bachman\Long Walk, The
    one of the Troopers looked around, startled and . . . well, almost hangdog.
Rage
    They were all staring at me with that funny hangdog look kids get when they've gone too far,
The Dark Tower I The Gunslinger
    a rather sad-looking specimen only half-stoned, looking hangdog and ashamed.
Collections\Skeleton Crew\The Wedding Gig
    I've never been able to get her out of my mind, or the agonized, hangdog way Scollay had looked that first night


put on a crocodile face about the whole thing.
Rage


seemed right:
seems right:
feels right:
felt right:
was right:
is right:

true-blue:
true blue:

Fuck you very much:

fuckstick:

cunt licker:
cunt-licker:
cuntlicker:

Mostly toothless

The shit
The total shit

Go fuck yourself:

Reader's digest:

Grinning like there was no tomorrow:
Rage

Jesus please us:

The room was dead quiet:
Rage

jesus wept:

Mississippi: counting - Example: Mississippi-one, Mississippi-two, like that?

tough titty:

better of it: (example thought better of it)

Mouth O:
O.: (shape of mouth)
The Long Walk - His mouth hung open in a wet, sloppy O.
Night Shift: The Man Who Loved Flowers - her mouth an opening black O of terror
Under the Dome:
    Georgia's mouth dropped into an O of dismay.
    His lips were folded into a poochy little O.

hyuck:

gore-crow
gore-crew

star wormwood?

fool me once:
Dolores Claiborne <- only one!

shit on that:
shit all over that:

tell us a story:

stinkeye:
stink-eye:

pig in shit:

bun in the oven:

If I'm lyin, I'm dyin:

total eclipse:

platitude: (substring)

knees pop: (substring)
knee pop: (substring)

said to no one:
says to no one:

sure as shit:

doth:

bet your boots:

sucking face:

arc-sodium:
sodium light: <- need to append unless it's acr-sodium light (substring)

snug as a bug: (usually snug as a bug in a rug)

nubbins:

Acme:

bee in: (Example: bee in bonnet/hat) (case sensitive)

balls to the wall:
balls-to-the-wall:

been there, done that:

soup to nuts:
soup-to-nuts:

bust a gut:
busting a gut:

without a paddle:

pigs will: (example: pigs will whistle)

bird-dog: (substring)

kachina doll: (substring)

no humor in it (fake smile or laugh)

piss like a:

gold teeth:

gimlet:

That's the ticket:

can't take a joke:

without much humor:

not for the world:

writ large:

Connections to The Long Walk:
Roadwork - character is trying to remember someone's name: Baker? Barker?
    There is also a Barker Street.  Both are call-outs to characters Art Baker and Gary Barkovitch


The Crowd by Ray Bradbury

The Long Walk
Once, in the eighth grade, he had read a story by a man named Ray Bradbury, and this story was about the crowds that gather at the scenes of fatal accidents, about how these crowds always have the same faces, and about how they seem to know whether the wounded will live or die.
The Crowd Face mugged and gibbered and cheered, but always remained essentially the same.

Dreamcatcher
That makes him remember a Ray Bradbury story, he thinks it's called "The Crowd," where the people who gather at accident sites-always the same ones-determine your fate by what they say.

Locations:
Derry
Castle Rock
Shawshank
Chester's Mill
Jerusalem's Lot
'Salem's Lot

Jeep Scout (vehicle) mentions (search for Scout or Jeep Scout (subset))
Bag of Bones
    The Scout fishtailed
Christine
    Arnie and Michael and I got their Oldtown canoe on top of their Scout and tied it down.
Dreamcatcher
    Now, as he followed the Scout's headlights through the thickening snow
Needful Things
    the Scout had veered off the road at high speed and had struck a tree.
Rose Madder
    a four-wheel-drive Scout full of them.
The Stand
    Hap was in the garage bay putting a new tailpipe on Tony Leominster's Scout
Four Past Midnight: Secret Window, Secret Garden
    The Scout was no longer in the driveway.
Night Shift: One for the Road
    I've got a four-wheel-drive Scout.
Skeleton Crew: The Mist
    Your Scout is a four-door, is it?



Star/Explorer/Cub/Boy/Girl/Eagle Scout mentions (TLW connection) also Scout's honor


Tums 18/12
Rolaids 12/10


Chester's Mill and Tarker's Mill were sometimes known as the Twin Mills

long days and pleasant nights

ka-Pow
ka-bam
ka-blam
ka-boom
ka-ploom
ka-floomp
ka-chow
ka-chonk
ka-thud
ka-pop
ka-bloosh
ka-whap
ka-whamm
ka-whammm
ka-whaaam
ka-whaaaam
ka-whap
ka-whummm
ka-spangg

Mad as a hatter
Crazy as a shithouse rat
Crazy/Crazier'n/Mad
as a
shithouse
rat/mouse/bear/hatter/etc.

tits of America

Hough - common last name, link to The Long Walk

cyclopean

crescent
    his fist was so tight his fingernails made little crescent moons in his palm.
Sleeping Beauties: the nails digging crescents into his palms.
Finders Keepers:
    Erase this right away, Drew thinks, his fingernails biting into his palms.
    He looks down at them and sees his fingernails digging into his palms. He lets up and watches the white crescents there fill in red.
    his fingers interlaced so tightly that his closely clipped nails dug into the backs of his hands.
Doctor Sleep: her nails digging into deep, blood-crusted crescents they had already made in her palms.
Cujo: Her fist was so tightly clenched that the fingers ached. Dimly, she could feel the crescents of her nails biting into her palm.
Rose Madder: He looked down at his finger and saw deep, bleeding crescents on either side of it.
The Talisman:
    with his hands clenched into tight and somehow anal little fists, the hidden nails digging viciously into his palms.
    Sloat often found his palms tattooed with dented bruises left by his fingernails.
    He opened them and looked thoughtfully at the blood which flowed out of the deep semi-circular wounds in his palms.
The Institute: He was clenching his fists hard enough to leave marks in his palms.
Needful Things
    His hands slowly rolled themselves into fists. His carefully manicured nails cut into the flesh of his palms. He did not notice the blood when it began to flow.
Insomnia
    The fingers had been clamped down so long that they were creaky and reluctant to open. When they finally did, he saw the marks of his nails pressed into the flesh of his palm.



tweedledum and tweedledee (5/5)


"engineer boot/boots"
The Gunslinger
His engineer boots made a mystical V.
they were engineer boots he found in the old train-yard
Needful Things
splashing muddy water on the toes of his engineer boots.
the cleats on his engineer boots clockin along the sidewalk.
Lisey's Story
On his feet are engineer boots with side-buckles.
IT
and blocky engineer boots
although this doofus in the engineer boots didn't know it
in their engineer boots and they steal his life.
and a pair of scuffed engineer boots.
and his old engineer boots
cleats on his engineer boots dragging and tapping.
The Dead Zone
snugged down over square-toed engineer boots
Christine
His cleated engineer boots drummed the pavement.
The Body
two pairs of feet in black engineer boots with side-buckles
then stomp him with their engineer boots.
He puts on his pants, his engineer boots, finds a sweater.


manicured nails
Roadwork
    His fingernails were manicured. He had never seen manicured nails exactly like that except on TV commercials
Thinner
    Billy saw one manicured hand straying toward the intercom.
The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of Three
    But there was the nicely cut suit, the manicured fingernails.
Desperation
    his exquisitely manicured fingers spread on the lapels of his suitcoat.
Gerald's Game
    Gerald's carefully manicured hand swooped wildly back and forth in the air.
Needful Things
    reached inside with the carefully manicured nail of one finger
    His carefully manicured nails cut into the flesh of his palms.
    Lenore's hands closed into fists, hiding the elegantly manicured nails.
The Stand
    put our well-manicured hands over our eyes


Inside View (66 times in 17 books)

cordite

All things serve the beam

gabble

dark figure

jitter

spheres

The Long Walk
all the screaming insanity there might be in the universe, all the idiot whistling laughter of the spheres
The Gingerbread Girl
Even if they met in heaven, standing ankle-deep in clouds while angels all around them played the music of the spheres
Lisey's Story
She closed her eyes again and seemed to hear faint music, not that of the spheres
Insomnia
Short-Timers and Long-Timers live in overlapping spheres of existence-on connected floors of the same building, if you like-ruled by the Random and the Purpose.


This is a loose connection to The Long Walk: Someone screaming about their foot or feet.

The Raft
"My foot!" Deke was screaming. "My foot! My foot! My foot!"
The Long Walk
"My feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-"

gunmetal

Repeating:
The Long Walk:
    I have to go, he had told her. I have to, don't you understand, I have to.
    "Whoever wins better keep his word," McVries said suddenly. "He just better."
    one of them had to be Barkovitch, had to be.
Finders Keepers:
    I have to get something here. Have to.
    I have to keep it together a little longer, Morris thinks. I have to.
    I have to think, he tells himself. I have to
    Hold that thought, kiddo, Hodges thinks as he starts back to his car. Hold that thought.
    That can't be why I'm here. It can't.
    Are you at the airport? Are you?
End of Watch: But it has to be the games. Has to be.
Apt Pupil: But had Denker been the one to speak them? Had he?
The Institute: You better be there, Ionidis. You just better.
Night Shift: Battleground - There had to be a way out of this blind alley. There had to be.
Everything's Eventual: That Feeling, You Can Only Say What It Is in French - Because I have to break out of this cycle, this groove. I have to.
Four Past Midnight: The Langoliers
    "I will if I have to," Craig muttered as he walked back into the waiting room. "I will if I have to."
    I have to make him stop moving or he'll get up and kill me. I have to make him stop moving or he'll get up and kill me.
1922 - "Do I have to look at her? Poppa, do I have to look?"
The Bazaar of Bad Dreams: Mile 81 - I have to go, he had told her. I have to, don't you understand, I have to.
The Dead Zone - I have to do something about Stillson. I have to.
Needful Things
    I have to have that picture! I have to!
    I have to tell him-sooner or later I have to.



wants/needs



One-room schoolhouse: I remember King mentioning one-room schools before. I think it was a short-story in Skeleton Crew.
The Long Walk
    They passed a clapboard one-room schoolhouse.
    an abandoned one-room schoolhouse that had been replaced by the new Consolidated building


Surviving the Depression:
The Long Walk
    Morticians go on eating even in a depression.

Ding Dong, the Witch Is Dead.

suffer a witch to live

witch's tit

witch-grass

Hansel and Gretel

Wicked Witch of the East

Wizard of Oz references:
There's no place like (home, dome)

Kenduskeag

Ayuh

Connection to The Long Walk
Dreamcatcher. The fart "It seemed to go on forever" reminded me of The Long Walk "sterile rattle that seemed to bear no relationship at all to an honest fart"

back stoop

Onward Christian Soldiers
Onward, Christian Soldiers

had had

wetting the pants
The Long Walk
    Garraty ejaculates, and wets his pants as a child
The Dark Tower II The Drawing of the Three
    he came in his pants. The baggy sweatshirt also covered the wet spot


I had a feeling that we would still be there when Gabriel flew overhead, clutching the Judgement trump
trump:
judgement:

semen


rimmed glasses

does a bear shit in the woods

time flies when you're having fun

chronometer

cordoned

pot to piss in

Bowie - surname

thought not - add to think not

Cribbage

Shirley Jackson - The Long Walk connection

Esso

mitt
baseball glove

cords stand
cord stand

Christine
every muscle standing out, each cord standing out, even the blood-vessels standing out in perfect relief.
'Salem's Lot
But Dud Rogers had taken it off himself, cords standing out on his neck, veins bulging on his forehead
Dark Tower III
Susannah howled and rocked backward, cords standing out on her neck.
Dreamcatcher
Jonesy redoubled his grip on the doorknob, cords standing out on his forearms and on the sides of his neck, lips skinned back to show his teeth.
IT
Bill was standing up, gripping the bike's handlebars from underneath, head turned up toward the cloudy sky, cords standing out on his neck.
Lisey's Story
The cords stand out on his neck. He breathes through his mouth-long harsh shaking breaths.
The Stand
He lugged the TV in by her bed, the cords standing out heroically on his arms
Tommyknockers
sweat running down her face, cords standing out in her neck as she hung up the new lights.
Ruth lowered her head and continued to walk, her mouth drawn down in a grimace of effort, cords standing out on her neck.

obdurate

26 11-26-63
2 Misery
1 Pet Sematary
1 The Tommyknockers
1 The Library Police
1 Thinner
1 Black House
1 Christine
1 The Dark Tower II
1 Gerald's Game



X never saw Y again
That was the last time X saw Y


Suicide Stairs

Gwendy's Button Box
There are three ways up to Castle View from the town of Castle Rock: Route 117, Pleasant Road, and the Suicide Stairs.
(as she did when she first started her runs up the Suicide Stairs two months ago)
Say! Why do they call them the Suicide Stairs, Gwendy?
and then charge up the Suicide Stairs once more.
When she comes back from her run up the Suicide Stairs on Monday
Thanks to the Suicide Stairs, that nickname has been laid to rest.
she runs the Suicide Stairs for the first time in almost a year.
After a while, she gets up and jogs down the Suicide Stairs and home again.
She thinks about running Suicide Stairs but decides against it
Jumped off the Suicide Stairs.
She strikes off in the dark at a brisk pace and heads for the Suicide Stairs
before she realizes she doesn't want to go to the Suicide Stairs at all.
when she first met him at the top of the Suicide Stairs
first encountered on a bench at the top of Castle View's Suicide Stairs

Elevation
there had been more before the collapse of the Suicide Stairs a few years earlier

bullspit

gut shot
gut-shot
gutshot
gut shoot
gut-shoot
gutshoot
shoot them in the gut (many variations unfortunately, just need to search for gut to find them all)

hot-shit
hot shit

match for it
match dimes
matching dimes

Garraty concentrated on picking them up and putting them down.
pick them up and lay them down
pickin' 'em up and layin' 'em down
picking them up and laying them down
Pick 'em up, put 'em down

Pussy Tickler mustache
The Dark Half
The guy with the stupid little pussy-tickler mustache was a lot quicker than Stark had expected.
Needful Things
Lester knew what some fellows called moustaches like that: pussy-ticklers.
Grow your goddam pussy-tickler over that.

Polluted river trope
The Body
    But there were no fishing jumping out there
    Dirt collars of foam
    color of old ivory
The Long Walk
    Beneath them the water boiled along, sullen and salty, dressed with cheesy yellow foam.


Describing the hair on the nape of the neck or lip as fine or fuzz
    I could see the fine down on the nape of his neck.
    Ralph could remember a fine down on her upper lip
    father had always called quackfuzz.

Romans, Chrisians, Lions, Guillotin
The Body
    She told me that if I'd been born a Roman I would have been right there in the Colosseum, munching grapes and watching as the lions disemboweled the Christians.
The Long Walk
    They're not getting thrown to the lions.
    The French lords and ladies used to screw after the guillotinings. The old Romans used to stuff each other during the gladiatorial matches.

The Long Walk
    Ding-dong-bell-pussy's-down-the-well. Who pushed her in? Little Jackie Flynn.
Dolores Claiborne
    Ding-dong-bell, pussy's in the well.

The Breathing Method
    humorless laugh - similar to grin/smile


Happy Crappy
The Body
"What's all this happy crappy? How'd it come out!"
Big Driver
"Did you pick that happy crappy up off the road?"
Bag of Bones
thank God-but there's still a fair amount of happy crappy I ain't got to yet.
Christine
that's pretty stiff on top of the tools fees and the lift fees and all that happy crappy.
Watch Guy Lombardo and all that happy crappy. That'd be all right.
The Dark Half
Ask Mamma if she believes this happy crappy.
IT
How about all that happy crappy, sports fans?
Lisey's Story
who's going to write up all this happy crappy for some campus outlet or another
The Stand (17X)
I'd piss Coors if I could. You believe that happy crappy?
Trashcan said he did indeed believe that happy crappy.
You believe that happy crappy?



It was the last time he saw her alive
The Dead Zone
It was the last time he ever spoke to her. She died at five minutes past eight on the morning of August 20.
IT
that was the last time I ever saw my brother George alive.
It was the last time I ever saw him alive.
Needful Things
Todd had waved back before getting in the Scout. It was the last time he saw them alive.
Nettie left. It was the last time Polly ever saw her alive.
The Bazaar of Bad Dreams\Bad Little Kid
That was the last time I saw her alive.
Cujo
He never saw his father alive again.
The Shining
She goes up to her room around ten-thirty, and that's the last time anybody saw her alive.
Duma Key
I had seen Elizabeth Eastlake for the last time.
She turned back once and waved to me, by then little more than a girl-shape behind the polarized glass. I wish with all my heart that I could have seen her better, because I never saw her again.
He died of a heart attack two months later, in Tamazunchale's open-air market, while dickering for fresh tomatoes.
Under the Dome
“Oh, you bet!” he called back, and drove away. The next time she saw him, he was dead.
Joyland
In the spring of 1992, Tom was diagnosed with a brain tumor. He was dead six months later.



trundle

Hill House was found 8 times in 5 works

Captain Trips 34 times in 3 works.

Cadillac 260 times in 50 works
Buick 491 times in 35 works
Mercedes 429 times in 33 works

beeswax

taste of pennies (search for pennies for variations)

adam's apple

bobbing up and down

preternatural




Microsoft
IBM
Mac/Macintosh
Apple (computer)
AOL
iPad
iPhone
iPod
iTunes
Dell
laptop
personal computer
PC
Zip discs
hotmail


Phantom of the Opera

Dr. Seuss
The Institute
Luke thought of Dr. Seuss. Thing one and thing two.

Pepsi
Coke
Coca-Cola
Nehi
Big Mac
Secret Sauce

REAL PEOPLE
M. Night Shyamalan
Donald Trump
    Everything's Eventual:Lunch at the Gotham Café
    I understand that you want to see her, and that's the reason why you have to be very careful, and make no mistakes. You're not Donald Trump and she's not Ivana
    Nightmares & Dreamscapes: Sneakers
    It's mostly Ginger, the chick in the group, playing mudhoney in some generic bayou with a guy who looks like Donald Trump in overalls.
    Bag of Bones
    First I marry the son of an extremely rich man, and after he dies, I fall under the protective wing of another rich guy. Next I'll probably move in with Donald Trump.
    The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla
    When my Ma used to see some rich guy on TV-Donald Trump, for instance-
    End of Watch
    He's living like Donald Trump, Ruth Scapelli thinks.
    The Outsider
    Says the man who probably voted for Donald Trump, Ralph thought.
    Above the kitchen pass-through was a defaced photograph of Donald Trump.
    Sleeping Beauties
    Few could compare-in fact, so far, officially, there was only Donald Trump and cannibals.
    Elevation
    Yeah, and solid Republican. Conservative Republican. The county went for Trump three-to-one in '16 and they think our stonebrain governor walks on water.
    The Institute
    Which, she said, had no money because "Trump and his cronies took it all back. They understand culture no more than a donkey understands algebra."
    hung on the wall next to the official portrait of President Trump.
    Never mind the Times with its headline about Trump and North Korea;
    "Did she know about Trump?" Kalisha asked.
    If It Bleeds (2020) (novella from collection If It Bleeds)
    She's discussed that possibility with Allie Winters many times, especially after her mother told her - proudly - that she voted for Donald Trump (oough).
    RAT (2020) (novella from collection If It Bleeds)
    Lester was reporting on the latest Trump farrago,
    Although I must warn you the market is barely making half-steam these days unless it's a book about Trump and his cohorts.
Jerry Falwell
Shirley Jackson 18 times in 12 works

I hear that.

Video Game mentions
Asteroids
Pac-Man
Donkey Kong
Space Invaders
Laser Strike
Super Mario Brothers
games like Tetris, Simon, and SpellTower. Nothing complicated like Grand Theft Auto.
solitaire, Angry Birds, and Frogger, Pitfall!


Ping-Pong


against his teeth
against her teeth
mashed his lips
mash*lip [regex]
(find what you're looking for, then look for more variations to search)

cacophony

nobody loves a
nobody loves a smartass
nobody loves a deader
nobody loves a clown

fit to split

ducky ...
isn't that ducky
isn't that just ducky
was just ducky
Oil's just fuckin ducky.
That's ducky


Cain Rose Up
Good drink, good meat, good God, let's eat!
The Stand
Good food, good meat, good God, let's eat
Survivor Type
good food good meat good God let's eat.


"desultory"
The Institute
They exchanged the desultory conversational gambits of mere acquaintances- the
Wolves of the Calla
A dozen desultory shoppers
The Talisman
playing a desultory game of cards on a coffee table
The Stand
They still did tests on him here, but they seemed desultory.
The Shining
The driver shifted his stance companion-ably as if they were having a desultory chat on the back steps
IT
There was another period of desultory, almost aimless conversation.
Insomnia
Okay, Ralph thought now as he watched the desultory mid-morning flow of customers
There was some desultory, almost forced laughter
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon
In the world she had left, a desultory remnant of the search went on
Doctor Sleep
Steamhead Steve, Baba the Red, Bent Dick, and Greedy G were playing a desultory game of canasta
The Dark Half
which seemed so oddly exhausted and desultory-when George Stark rang.
'Salem's Lot
Milt and Pat Middler were having a desultory conversation
The Mist
Norton and I made desultory conversation
Nightmares & Dreamscapes: It Grows On You
The old men watch the children and speak in low, desultory tones.



there are other worlds than

Hearts in Atlantis: Low Men in Yellow Coats
Not just one world, Bobby thought. Not just one. There are other worlds than this, millions of worlds, all turning on the spindle of the Tower.
The Dark Tower I: The Gunslinger
"Go then. There are other worlds than these."
The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three
the boy who had said Go then-there are other worlds than these before plunging into the abyss.
The Dark Tower III: The Waste Lands
"Go then," Roland said, "there are other worlds than these." And fainted.
After all, there are other worlds than these and that fuckin train rolls through all of them.
Go, then-there are other worlds than these.
"Go, then," the gunslinger murmured, rolling back onto his side and drawing his knees up once more, "there are other worlds than these." He was silent for a moment.
The Dark Tower IV: Wizard and Glass
it's one of the most important things anyone has ever said to me: ‘Go, then, there are other worlds than these.'
"There are other worlds than these," Eddie said. "Remember?"
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah
‘Go, then-there are other worlds than these.'
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower
she added: "There are other worlds than these."
Doctor Sleep
If you think the shining begins and ends with paltry shit like telepathy, you're way short." He paused. "There are other worlds than these."
Under The Dome
The one thing I'm sure of is that there are other worlds than the ones we can see with our puny telescopes here on Earth.
Insomnia
Lachesis: [To other worlds than these.]


all was well

Just After Sunset: A Very Tight Place
So far, though, all was well.
Nightmares & Dreamscapes: The Doctor's Case
and called down to ask if all was well.
Dark Tower: The Dark Tower III The Waste Lands
he had done his fatherly duty and all was well, all was well, and all manner of things were well.
Dark Tower: The Dark Tower IV Wizard and Glass
even a gold one for the largest of the freeholds-all was well.
Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole
even a gold one for the largest of the freeholds-all was well.
Dreamcatcher
If it kept snowing that might change, but for now, all was well.
This calm wouldn't last long, but for now all was well. As well as it could be.
Finders Keepers
and peeked briefly into the garage to make sure all was well there.
Gerald's Game
Then he smiled again and all was well.
Talisman, The
all was well and all was well and all manner of things was well.

Car 54, Where are you?

lackadaisical

roont (ruined)

feeder road

testicles.+crawl
'Salem's Lot
The skin on the testicles seems to crawl and tighten.
IT
He remembered how the flesh of his testicles had begun to crawl
Needful Things
He felt the flesh of his testicles crawling madly; his balls seemed to be trying to pull themselves back to where they had come from.


caught pregnant / catch pregnant
cords.+neck
cords on her neck
cords on his neck

Kewpie doll
macadam
apt (maybe just a subset)
acrid
heliograph (substring)
gork (case-insensitive substring)
bad self - wrong? Go with your bad self  Right? Go on with your bad self - King not understanding modern slang? Connected to King not understanding tech? flash-drives or copy protected, how to pay Uber.
welsh dresser
Make like an amoeba and split
A day late and a dollar/buck short
bells and whistles
take it to the bank
arms fly up trope, hands throw up right before death, long walk connection, Barkovitch
golden oldie
famous.+infamous
give shit one
old habits [die/died hard] [are strong habits]
ask me no questions
are we clear [on that/this]?
it is what it is
talk is cheap

miles to go before [we/you/he] sleep
Four Past Midnight: The Langoliers
We have miles to go before we sleep, and there's no time for therapy.
11-22-63
Miles to go before you sleep, and all that.
Dreamcatcher
he had twelve-point-seven miles to go before he could sleep.
End of Watch
We've got miles to go before we sleep.
He has miles to go before he sleeps, and he's anxious to start rolling them.
Miles to go before he sleeps, and then the final touch, the cherry on top of the sundae.
The Talisman
We've got promises we must keep, miles to go before we sleep, and you are still an utter creep.


"depth and strength" is found 3 times.
Doctor Sleep
"Help me, Abra," he said, and felt her join in. Once they were together, the thought instantly gained depth and strength.
Joyland
This was partly because I'd been raised by my parents to believe barfing your feelings on other people was the height of impoliteness, but mostly because I was dismayed by the depth and strength of my jealousy.
The Stand
But when she thought of the baby in her belly, a feeling of fierce protectiveness swept over her all at once, a feeling that perplexed her and frightened her a little with its depth and strength.


"bright*eyed and foo" or "bright*eyed, foo"
Under the Dome
All brighteyed and bushy-tailed
11-22-63
Doctor Sleep
Dreamcatcher
The Green Mile
Sleeping Beauties.
Just After Sunset: Bright-eyed and ring-tailed
Dolan's Cadillac - bright-eyed and smiling
Bag of Bones - "bright-eyed, smiling" and "bright-eyed, cheerful"
Dreamcatcher - bright-eyed and interested
Pet Sematary - bright-eyed and full of beans
Under the Dome - bright-eyed and eagar
The Regulators - bright-eyed and excited


Karen Carpenter's death
Mr. Mercedes
The Tommyknockers
Thinner


The Long Walk: Last names found in other books (last book searched is If It Bleeds)
Aaronson: Bedilia Aaronson in Dedication, Scotty Aaronson in The Shining
Arthur Baker: Mr. Baker in The Sun Dog, La Vern Baker in You Know They Got a Hell of a Band, Jared Baker in The Ballad of the Flexible Bullet, Darrel Baker in The Man Who Would Not Shake Hands, pulper named Baker in Uncle Otto's Truck, Randy Baker in 11-22-63, Howard Baker in The Dead Zone, Sheriff John Baker in The Stand, Any Baker in The Tommyknockers, Ron Baker in Thinner
Curley: Curley from 11-22-63
Ewing: Mrs. Ewing in The Body
Charlie Field: Bob Beal Field in Head Down, Tonney Field in Cell, Don Field in Duma Key
Percy: Percy Wetmore from The Green Mile, Percy Sledge from Autopsy Room Four, Percy the fish in The Jaunt, Percy from Duma Key
Raymond Garraty: Raymond Garraty in Bag of Bones
Harkness: Buck Harkness in Home Delivery
Bill Hough: Tammy Hough in Gerald's Game, Carl Hough in The Stand, Donald Hough in Blaze
Jensen: Jensen from The Little Green God of Agony, Belinda Jensen in End of Watch
Klingerman: Dr. Klingerman in The Tommyknockers, Dave Klingerman in Apt Pupil
Larson: Uncle Larson in Gramma, Poul Larson in Doctor Sleep, Bill Larson in If It Bleeds, Buzzy and Drew Larson in RAT
Peter McVries: Peter McVries in The Wind Through the Keyhole
Frank Morgan: Uncle Morgan in Black House, George Morgan in From A Buick 8, George Morgan in Gwendy's Button Box, Scooter Morgan in IT, Lester Morgan in Pet Sematary, Michaela Morgan in Sleeping Beauties, Uncle Morgan in The Talisman, Jack "Dutchy" Morgan in The Shining
Henry "Hank" Olson: Olson in Doctor Sleep, Millie Olson in Sleeping Beauties, Lester Olson in The Ten O'Clock People
Collie Parker: Jean and Alan Parker in Riding the Bullet, Mr. Parker in The Langoliers, Mrs. Parker in Dedication, Johnny Parker in Drunken Fireworks, Ollie Parker in Cycle of the Werewolf, Charlie Parker in Black House, Robert Parker in Dreamcatcher, Johny Parker in From A Buick 8, Dorothy Parker in Mr. Mercedes, John Parker in Thinner, Adele Parker in Revival, Parker Nason in The Stand, Speedy Parker in The Talisman, Eddie Parker in The Tommyknockers
Pearson: Brandon Pearson in The Ten O'Clock People, Dave Pearson in Desperation, Bob Pearson in Finders Keepers, Doc Pearson in IT
Bobby Sledge: Percy Sledge in Autopsy Room Four, Frank Sledge in Mr. Mercedes
Marty Wyman: Bill Wyman in Sneakers, Stephanie Wyman in The Dead Zone
Yannick: George Yannick in Rage
Quentin: Glenn Quentin in Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, Quentin in Uncle Otto's Truck, Dr. Quentin in Cujo and The Dead Zone
Milligan: Spike Milligan in Big Wheels
Gallant: Jamie Gallant in The Body, Richie Gallant in The Outsider
Jimmy Owens: Dave Owens in Mrs. Todd's Shortcut
Dr. Patterson: Floyd Patterson in Low Men in Yellow Coats, Janey Patterson in Finders Keepers, Marjorie Patterson in End of Watch, old man Patterson in Misery, James, Miz, Janelle, Janey Patterson in Mr. Mercedes, the Patterson place in RAT
Miss Petrie: Miss Petrie in Gerald's Game, June, Henry, Mark Petrie in 'Salem's Lot, Sally Petrie in Cujo, Glenn Petrie in Thinner, Mark Petrie in The Dark Tower V, VI, VII


Joyland: Hen’s teeth
Joyland: Green as grass
Joyland: Poop on that
Joyland: Fly up your ass
Joyland: Egg in your shoe and beat it
Joyland: Mind powers
I don’t give a shit
Duma Key: Aye karumba
Duma Key: Cheeseburger cheeseburger
Duma Key: Laughed without humor
Duma Key: Full night
Duma Key: Ass over teapot
Like a mother fucker
Rage: under the arms of Ted’s khaki shirt.
Rage: The reports slammed around the room like bowling balls.
Rage: I felt a weird smile stretch across my lips.
Ghost in the machine
Repeat: The Langoliers (He had to see it. Had to.)
slapped in the face (Back handed him, Dreamcatcher, TLW connection)
Suffer a witch to live
just us chickens
smell the coffee
woodchuck / wood-chuck (80/34)
black as a/an X (25/20) related: darker than, darker’n a
like a man in a dream (31/21)
quonset hut (28/11)
OSHKOSH (25/6)
Flexible Flyer
Waldorf-Astoria
came to life
lemons.+lemonade
up to eleven
hold onto your
Flattery will get you
Field.+Stream (case sensitive)
if wishes were
Hal 9000
trundle
go fuck your[self/selves sister Mother]
druthers
in for a penny[, in for a pound]
high port
arking and barking / yarking and barking / arkie-barkies
Groucho Marx
tap-dance / tap-dancing
get into this?
monkey house
time flies
guys like you
deadfall
The rain in Spain
Betty Bitter
he thrusts his fists
wants.+needs
fook
piss.+pants
[leaving the scene, know what I mean, see what I mean, I know what you mean] jellybean
penny saved [is a penny earned, was a penny earned, is a penny et cetera]
see you later, seeya later [alligator, Lisey-gator, masterbator]
[went, going, gone, entirely] by the boards
that was then [this is now]
that was the worst. (not regex)
if it bleeds
day late and a dollar short
beating around the bush
Even cowgirls get the blues
crawfish
cheese stands alone
not to be sneezed at
give up the ghost
skiv (skivvy, skivvies)
count your blessings
take stock
snug as a bug
slow and steady [wins/won] the race
Lord of the Flies
tap a kidney
no great loss
wordlessly
no fuss, [no muss, or bother, no bother, or fanfare, and no fanfare]
rot in hell
die laughing
Daddy-O
fat chance
see to it
helter-skelter
sight better
bl.+like.+pig (bled like a pig, bleeding like a stuck pig)
Jeezus
in God's name
assume the position / assumed the position
Nada. (Zip. Nada. / Nada. Zip. / De Nada.)
the lord helps those
cancer-stick
taste in.+mouth
No shit, Sherlock
Yessum
payback's a bitch
woid
marritch
hell in a handbasket
grrrl
kicking the habit
Easy-peasy
Massholes
gray water / graywater
slow and easy wins the race
when knights were bold
spare me
thy rod
reckon
gabble / gabbling
wishful thinking
double jeopardy
smell.+blood (smell of blood, smelled blood, smell the blood, smelling blood, smell of ancient/old/clotted blood)
scared green
fuck that shit, fuck this shit
honest injun
places to go (and things to do, and cats to kill, and diseases to spread, and people to see)
we don't need no (steekin batches, steekin handcuffs, sinkin badges, charity money)
pigs will (whistle, ride broomsticks)
fortunes of war
joggle
crazy, like a fox (search for "like a fox")
chop-chop
in for a penny, in for a pound (search "in for a penny")
trick or treat, smell my feet, give me something good to eat (search for "smell my feet")
ill-gotten gains
From your lips to God's ear
He who hesitates
[bullshit, Creepy, asshole, popularity, etc.] quotient
Soonest begun, soonest done. [search for "soonest done"]
threw back.+head.+laugh/cackled
objects grinning (it sat there grinning, Misery)
smell the ozone (search on ozone)
hole in the ozone layer
pallid.+face / face.+pallid (idea from DescoHabre)
for the time being
strawberry (a subset perhaps?)
could have done without
any port (in a storm)
part of the solution (if you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem)
hell.+icewater
pay the price
stir the pot
join the club
the Lord helps those that help themselves
stew in his own (juices, sauce)
pardon my (French, Polish, francais, fran-kays), not "pardon my friend" or "pardon my pun", but language based.
cock-and-balls / cock and balls
another fine mess
slap me five
on my mother's name / on mom's name
shit.+toast (shit on toast, shit-on-toast)
hair on fire / hair was on fire (literal and figurative)
book of job
(long-tailed) cat in a room(ful full of rocking chairs)
old college try
Power by the hour
christ on a (pony, bicycle, crutch, sidecar, carousel, motorcycle, taco, cracker)
what's good.+is good enough
decided against it
bet your (life, ass, patootie, bobcat, bippie, fur, bottom dollar, boots, rooty-toot, jackdog)
tree of good and evil
I stand corrected
field and stream / field & stream
New York minute
can you say amen / can you give me hallelujah
flights of angels (sing three/you to y'rest/thy rest)
those who can, do
got that right
now more than ever
at the ready
none of your (business, beeswax, bi'ness, affair, concern)
right as (rain, rainbarrels)
and I quote / and I also quote
without a paddle
pedal to the metal 11/9
duly noted 9/9
snake in the grass 4/4
tickling the 6/6
suss 4/4
doom and gloom 3/3
growing gloom 13/11 (add to gathering gloom)
cakehole / cake-hole 4/4
cool as a (kite/cucumber/fool/butcher/baby/...) 25/22
Different strokes for different folks 6/5
or some such 11/10
level best 7/5
Narragansett 15/7
friends and neighbors 30/23
Emporium Galorium 36/6
tip of the iceberg 3/3
live free or die 5/4
dick and jane 8/7
new under the sun (3/3)
Ditto (36/25)
toys in the attic (8/4)
life hands you lemons, make lemonade (3/3)
what's up, doc? (6/5)
Room 217 (46/5)
Do You Love? (13/3)
catch your death (3/3)
lady named (12/11)
Corgi (37/12)
raggedy ann (11/8)
raggedy (146/24)
beep-beep (48/8)
insouciant (10/7)
you'd do well (11/9) you'd do well to keep your distance, you'd do well to stay away, you'd do well to remember that.
I'd just as soon (18/16) But I'd just as soon not go through that again.
bag of bones (7/5)
Zippo (45/21)
Kraut (37/18)
That's the ticket. (8/8)
overbalance (29/20)
dinky-dau (6/4)
ass over teapot (6/6)
are you deaf (5/5)
dragon.+breath
overbalanced (21/16) over-balanced (2/2)
dry swallow (of pills, or just swallowing)
gobbledegook (3/3)
don't/wouldn't/can say shit (9/8)
thrum (74/36)
kitty-corner, kitty korner (7/7)
perish the thought (3/3)
Fantasia
fusillade (21/17)
Hey-ho, let's go. (3/3)
Harley-Davidson (25/16)
shut your pie-hole (3/3)
twins (400/52)
bool (172/6)
So help me God
losing it
Fox News
David Bowie
Dead Man's Curve
lookie-loos
gennie
crazy as a loon
laugh like a loon
loon calling out / screamed
Goodbye, cruel world
tasted copper, tasted coppery
Fuck you and the horse you rode in on
shiny happy people
when things go wrong, they have to keep on going wrong?
When things go wrong, they keep going wrong
yellow brick road
Erector Set
Bride of Frankenstein
give up the ghost
disco queen
Star-sixty-nine
Alice references in 11/22/63 regarding the portal being a rabbit hole to the past.
good meat (3/3) good food good meat good God let's eat


pouty / pouty child / pouty mouth (TLW)
milk truck (TLW)
hands/fingers.+laced or laced.+hands/fingers (TLW)
length of football field (TLW) They still had the length of a football field to go. There By Tygers: The door was at least a football field's length away.
bought.+ticket (TLW) lots of variation, Dolan's Cadillac "He had bought his own ticket and paid a full fare."
Why not? Why the fuck not? (TLW) 11/10 search for "Why the fuck not?"
Oh my suds and body (TLW) 2/2
no dignity (The Long Walk: This has about as much dignity as a mongoloid idiot strangling on his own tongue and shitting his pants at the same time.)
fatigue jacket (TLW) 12/4
corduroy (TLW) 71/39
that was the hell of it (search: hell of it) (TLW) not "for the hell of it"
carbine (TLW)
extremis / extremity (TLW The Institute)
hot ticket (TLW) 8/7
why the.+not (fuck, hell, heck) (TLW)
zori / zoris (TLW)
of the spheres (TLW) 3/3
yipping (TLW) 21/19
pipestem / stovepipe (TLW)
felt sweat pop (TLW) 3/3
tut-tut (TLW) 5/5
eager beaver (TLW) 3/3
is that so? (TLW) 48/35
blood red (TLW) 7/7
drowning man (TLW) 20/16
no rest for the wicked (TLW) 4/4
pedal pushers (TLW) 7/5
goggled (TLW) 29/23
horn-rimmed (TLW) 31/20
tatter (TLW) 3/3 (begun to tatter)
artillery (TLW) (as in it sounds like artillery)
ragdoll / rag-doll / rag doll (TLW)
smartly (TLW)
Elmer's Glue (TLW)
shitkicker / shit-kicker (TLW)
jibe 16/12 (TLW)
hell or high water (TLW)
sacrificial offering (TLW)
Shirley Jackson (TLW) 18/12
zip.+fly (TLW) 39/20
rimless glasses/specs/spectacles/bifocals (TLW) 41/25
Ethiopian jug-(rammer/diddler/fucker) (TLW) 3/3
enema (TLW) 29/17
Dumbo (TLW) derogatory term
shacked up (TLW)
pound.+the pavement (TLW) 7/6
slathered/lathered.+gore/blood (TLW)
adam's apple (TLW) 60/34
bob up and down / bobbed up and down (TLW)
Klieg (TLW) 8/4
P.F. Flyers (TLW) 4/4
she's a peach / can be.+peach (TLW)
gone to seed (TLW) 3/3
happast (TLW)
insupportable (TLW) 18/14
how.+would/should I know (TLW) How should I know? How would I know? How the hell would I know?  How the hell should I know?
stovepipe hat (TLW) 6/4
better off dead (TLW) 5/5
knock your block off (TLW) 3/3
toss.+cook (TLW) 7/7 (toss his/her/their cookies)
lady fair (TLW) 7/5
good old (TLW) 297/78 good ole 7/4 Good ol' 1/1
by the way (TLW) (253, 73) (whole word) as in "oh, by the way" and "and, by the way", not "he could tell by the way she" (some false positives)
you talk too.+much (TLW) (3/3)
hainesville woods (TLW) (7/5)
hail mary (TLW) (27/16)
American Indian references (TLW) kachina, Micmac, Navajo, Indian, Injun, Kiowa, Shoshone, Kashwakamak and much more!
thunderhead (TLW) (83/33)
terrier (TLW) (44/25)
you don't look so good (TLW) (6/5)
long way to go (TLW) (11/9)
gunslinger (TLW) (2349/33) filtering out Dark Tower, Eluria, Keyhole (38/24)
cream.+jeans (TLW) creamed my jeans, cream your jeans, creamed his jeans
no one has invited (TLW)
    no one has invited me to tea.
    The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower
    No one had invited him to the Reap Ball
    Mr. Mercedes
    no one invited her to the Spring Dance.
poime (poem) (TLW) (5/5)
Whore's hair / whore's hair (TLW) (5/5)
in the army now (TLW) (3/2)
Eureka Grange (TLW) (10/2) Revival has No. 7, TLW has No. 81
wet end (TLW) (14/8)


Hi yo / Hi-Ho (TLW)
Bag of Bones
The Hi-Ho Dairy-O.
IT
So hi-ho-the-dairy-o
The Long Walk
Hi-ho the dairy-o
11-22-63
"Hi-ho, Daddy-O."
Needful Things
box of Hi-Ho crackers.
Rage
Nipping on the cooking sherry a little at first? Hi-ho.
And it's not your fault, is it? Hi-ho.
The Dark Tower IV: Wizard and Glass
Hi-ho, there, Mr. Spectacles!
The Stand
he will be hung like the Lone Ranger's horse. Hiyo Silver, away.
IT
"Hi yo, Silver!" Bill shouted
They are both mispronouncing the cry from the Lone Ranger, "Hi Ho Silver, Away!"
The only time King uses Hi-Ho is ...


backdoor virginity
Revival
"I don't think that matters to the gods of heredity," I said. "They just send the Big C wherever it's most welcome. For Christ's sake, what's the big deal? It's a finger up your ass, it's over in ten seconds, and as long as you don't feel both of the doctor's hands on your shoulders, you don't even have to worry about your backdoor virginity."
The Institute
"Oh yay, there's that full moon!" Zeke stood in front of him. He had the thermometer in one hand and a jar of Vaseline in the other. He dipped the thermometer into the jar and brought it out. A glob of jelly dangled from the end. To Luke it looked like the punchline of a dirty joke. "See? Plenty of lube. Won't hurt a bit. Just relax your cheeks, and remind yourself that as long as you don't feel both of my hands on you, your backside virginity remains intact."
Thinner
"Relax," Houston said, snapping on the thin rubber glove. "As long as you can't feel both of my hands on your shoulders, you're all right."
Four Past Midnight: The Library Policeman
Thdeady, the Library Wolf pants, and now his hands descend on Sam's shoulders and he is rocking back and forth, in and out, back and forth, in and out. Thdeady . . . thdeaady . . . oooh! Thdeeeaaaaaaddyyyyy-
Gasping and rocking, the Library Cop pounds what feels like a huge hot bar of steel in and out of Sam's bum;
The Dark Tower: Wolves of the Calla
"Don't worry, he won't lose his butthole virginity on our account," Biondi said, and laughed.

Groan in protest
IT
felt the ball-and-socket joint in his shoulder creak and groan in protest
The Stand
boards groaning and creaking and protesting under the weight
Nightmares & Dreamscapes: Popsy
There was that groaning, protesting sound of metal under stress
Blaze
he could hear the trunks groaning and protesting.
The Dark Tower
the house creaked and groaned in protest.

Crazy like a fox (search for "like a fox")
Collections\The Bazaar of Bad Dreams\Blockade Billy.txt
Crazy like a fox, see?
The Dark Half
He smiled at her. It was a slightly peculiar, slightly distant smile. "Yeah," he said. "Crazy like a fox."
Dreamcatcher
crazy like Patton had been crazy. Crazy like a fox, in other words.
his exhausted legs screaming. "But he's crazy like a fox."
Insomnia
Dis one crazy like a fox!
Under the Dome
"Dad-has it ever occurred to you that you might be crazy?" Big Jim nodded. "Like a fox," he said.
The Talisman
and if he finds out he's gonna be after you like a fox after a goose.
Watch for his trail-his own and his Twinner's . . . he's gonna be after you like a fox after a goose.


Lavender (gay)
The Long Walk
Touch of the lavender?
The Colorado Kid
there was something kinda handsome about him just the same, with his ashy cheeks and pale lips and that little touch of lavender on his eyelids.
Insomnia
Back in those days she was known as a hot ticket and fellows like me were known as ‘a wee bit lavender.' In that amusingly antique era, gay was how you described your Christmas tree after it was decorated."
The Dark Tower: The Drawing of the Three
O'Mearah expected the guy to sound like a fruit-probably as fruity as his routine about the lavender handcuffths had suggested, but a pouf all the same.
The Dark Tower
Susannah thought that the painter, sai Sayre, or both might have been part of the Lavender Hill Mob, as she had sometimes heard homosexuals called in the Village.





Fuck your warning (TLW and Finders Keepers)



NOT REPEATED (or only repeated once or twice)
what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas (1X Under the Dome)
disaster waiting to happen (1X Under the Dome)
X says jump, Y ask/asks how high (1X Under the Dome)
jackdog (1X Under the Dome)
Who you gonna call? (1X Under the Dome)
not-ready-for-prime-time (1X Under the Dome)
golden flood (1X The Long Walk)
you don't say (1X Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla)
dollop of glue (1X The Long Walk)
Lost his lunch (2X The Long Walk and Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption)
wakemare (1X The Long Walk)
idiot litany (1X The Long Walk)
For every night, twice the bright (1X Under the Dome)
bloodbeat (used instead of heartbeat 2X The Long Walk and The Body)
co-inky-dink (2X Finders Keepers)
high as a kite (2X The Dead Zone, Under the Dome)
Hoard a penny and lose a dollar. (1X Under the Dome)
you drive like a (2X Under the Dome, 11-22-63)
Where'd you get your license? (2X Under the Dome, Insomnia)
You're off your trolley (1X The Long Walk)
suicide is painless / if suicide was painless (2X)
good to the last drop (1X Under the Dome)
the most fascinating thing (2X)
never say never (2X)
leatherhead (Under the Dome)
flake off (2X)
going home to jesus (1X)
therefore I am (3/2)
live adder (1X)
soup to nuts (2X)
less said the better (1X)
sacrifice unto (2x The Long Walk and The Gunslinger)
fulfill.+destiny (2X DT6 and Sleeping Beauties)
where do you get your ideas? (2X) ('Salem's Lot and IT) heard it in the show Bag of Bones
cockgobbler (2X)
Big H. (1X Revival)
big-ass bird (2X)
Do you know what I'm trying to say? (1X)
dumb hump (1X)
boy and his dog (1X)
I'm off to join the circus (1X)
hallway of stars (1X)
An orange is gold in the morning and lead at night (1X)
Village People (1X)
Fuck your warning(s) (2X)

Boys with dead younger brothers: The Long Walk (Garraty's brother died of pneumonia when he was six), IT and The Body.

